[[" [Want to get New York Today by email? Here’s the sign-up.]Reinforcements are arriving to shore up the city's health care system, the mayor said.Coronavirus in N.Y.C.: The Latest", 'As Iran struggles with a devastating coronavirus outbreak, a broken economy and a severe shortage of medical equipment, it says that American trade sanctions are taking Iranian lives and has called for the United States to lift them on humanitarian grounds.Iran, devastated by the coronavirus, is asking the U.S. to lift sanctions on humanitarian grounds. U.S. officials say sanctions aren’t to blame; Iran is.Iran Says U.S. Sanctions Are Taking Lives. U.S. Officials Disagree.', 'The top Republican on the House Intelligence Committee this week criticized closing schools in his home state, California, as “way overkill” — even as President Trump came to a reckoning over the number of people who could die during the coronavirus pandemic.Mr. Nunes, a Republican representative from California, urged the country to start getting people back to work in one to two weeks despite the coronavirus outbreak.Devin Nunes Says Decision to Cancel School in California Was ‘Overkill’', '(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here’s what you need to know.Coronavirus, Global Recession, Wimbledon: Your Thursday Briefing', 'WASHINGTON — As Congress and the White House contemplate the next phase of the government response to the coronavirus pandemic and its economic toll, Democrats and President Trump are increasingly raising the prospect of enacting a multitrillion-dollar infrastructure plan that could create thousands of jobs.Democrats and President Trump are discussing a multitrillion-dollar infrastructure plan that could create thousands of jobs to salve an economy battered by the coronavirus.‘Infrastructure Week’ Returns as Trump and Democrats Eye Post-Virus Jobs Plan', 'A fire swept through the top floor of a Bronx apartment building on Tuesday night, killing four people and injuring one, officials said.The cause of the three-alarm blaze remains under investigation.Fire at Bronx Apartment Building Kills 4', ' We are holding a conference call for DealBook readers tomorrow, April 2, at 11 a.m. Eastern. We will go behind the scenes of the Trump administration’s response to the coronavirus and what policy actions may come next. Our special guest will be Maggie Haberman, one of the NYT’s top White House correspondents. You’ll be able to ask Maggie about her reporting during the call, or submit questions in advance to dealbook@nytimes.com. For details about how to join, visit the R.S.V.P. page. This is the first in a weekly series of calls we’re calling the DealBook Debrief, featuring a wide range of experts in conversation with the DealBook team about the business and policy implications of the pandemic. (Want this in your inbox each morning? Sign up here.)The first quarter was one of the worst in history for many stock markets around the world. The start of the second isn’t looking any better.Welcome to the Second Quarter. Brace Yourself.', 'MIAMI — Florida’s coronavirus cases kept ballooning, especially in the dense neighborhoods of Miami and Fort Lauderdale. Hospitals in Fort Myers and Naples begged for donations of masks and other protective equipment. Young people started to die.Gov. Ron DeSantis said the decision corresponded with the “national pause” effectively recommended by the White House.Florida Governor, at Long Last, Orders Residents to Stay Home to Avoid Coronavirus', 'WASHINGTON — Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the nation’s leading expert on infectious diseases, who has become a regular at President Trump’s coronavirus briefings, will receive enhanced personal security after receiving threats following his repeated pleas for Americans to help slow the spread of the deadly pandemic, officials said on Wednesday.Dr. Fauci has become a target of online conspiracy theorists after advocating social distancing rules.After Threats, Anthony Fauci to Receive Enhanced Personal Security', 'In the days before New Yorkers stayed home and people still touched their faces without dread, Matt Jozwiak was preparing to help.A group called Rethink has teamed up with the Michelin-starred restaurant to feed New Yorkers in need.New York’s New Soup Kitchen Has an Upscale Address: Eleven Madison Park'], ['Every crisis opens a course to the unknown. In an eye-blink, the impossible becomes possible. History in a sprint can mean a dark, lasting turn for the worse, or a new day of enlightened public policy.Some of the greatest advances in American history were birthed by disaster.After the Pandemic, the Big Reset', 'LONDON — Just two months ago, Ireland’s leader, Leo Varadkar, was a spent force in Irish politics: a trailblazing prime minister whose failure to solve Ireland’s housing crisis frustrated voters and whose aloof style left them cold. In a three-way Parliamentary race in February, his party finished last.Leo Varadkar is winning praise after reactivating his registration as a medical doctor and heading to the coronavirus front lines.How a Pandemic Rescued the Political Image of Ireland’s Leader', 'NEW DELHI — After India’s health ministry repeatedly blamed an Islamic seminary for spreading the coronavirus — and governing party officials spoke of “human bombs” and “corona jihad” — a spree of anti-Muslim attacks has broken out across the country.Indian officials are blaming an Islamic group for spreading the virus, and Muslims have been targeted in a wave of violence.In India, Coronavirus Fans Religious Hatred', 'WASHINGTON — For some supporters, President Trump’s daily appearances with his coronavirus task force are a reassuring ritual during a time of crisis, consumed from the folds of a leather sectional, snacks and beverages within easy reach.The president has millions of viewers for his daily appearances, but even in a pandemic that has paralyzed the nation, a stark partisan divide runs through how they see him.They Watch Trump’s Virus Briefings Daily. Here’s What They Have to Say.', 'Traffic at New York City’s busiest bridges and tunnels has plunged nearly 60 percent.Faster buses. Plentiful parking. Cleaner air. A shift in habits offers a glimpse of what the city could be like without so much congestion.N.Y.’s Changed Streets: In One Spot, Traffic Speeds Are Up 288%', 'Shailene Woodley isn’t used to being at home. Since she began acting at 5 years old, she’s spent much of her life on set in TV shows (“The O.C.” and “The Secret Life of the American Teenager”), movies (the “Divergent” franchise and “The Descendants”) and more recently, two seasons of the HBO hit “Big Little Lies,” in which she played the troubled single mother Jane.After experiencing blockbuster success and personal struggles, including a health scare, the “Endings, Beginnings” actress has found clarity.Shailene Woodley Finally Knows What She Wants Again', 'Crises like pandemics, economic collapses and world wars have, at times throughout history, ended up reordering societies — shrinking the gap between the rich and the poor, or empowering the working class. The Black Death helped end feudalism. The Great Depression helped lead to the New Deal. Never has extreme economic inequality shrunk in a meaningful way, says the Stanford historian Walter Scheidel, without a major crisis.Historically, major crises have tended to empower workers. The coronavirus is already changing things, for better and for worse.Could the Pandemic Wind Up Fixing What’s Broken About Work in America?', 'Not long after the sun rose on Easter morning, Beba Tata arrived at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., ready to pray.Amid a pandemic, millions of Americans refashioned rituals and grasped for hope in the story of Jesus’ resurrection.On Easter Sunday, Christians Remember: ‘We Will Rise Out of the Dust’', 'Phyllis Lyon, who when she married her partner, Del Martin, in 2008 became part of the first legal same-sex union in California, died on Thursday at her home in San Francisco. She was 95.When Ms. Lyon married her partner of 55 years in 2008, they formed the first legal gay union in California.Phyllis Lyon, Lesbian Activist and Gay Marriage Trailblazer, Dies at 95', 'This briefing is no longer updating. Read the latest developments in the coronavirus outbreak here.The latest on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.The Next Gauge of the Economy Will Be Corporate Earnings'], ['To the Editor:The acting secretary of the Navy explains why he removed the captain of a ship with many infected sailors. Another reader found that action “clearly excessive.”Captain Crozier: Navy Hero, or Unsteady Leader?', 'WASHINGTON — Thomas B. Modly, the acting Navy secretary, resigned Tuesday after his bungled response to an outbreak of the novel coronavirus aboard the aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt engulfed the Navy in a command crisis and a public relations disaster.Thomas B. Modly’s departure is the latest in a string of events that engulfed the Navy in a public relations disaster.Acting Navy Secretary Resigns After Outcry Over Criticism of Virus-Stricken Crew', 'Were the pop world — nay the world world — still spinning on its usual axis, Friday would have seen the release of Lady Gaga’s highly anticipated sixth album, “Chromatica.” Like many other musicians, she decided to push back her record because of the coronavirus pandemic. Unlike many other musicians, she has toggled between the roles of global pop star and world health advocate quite gracefully.With Lady Gaga’s pop extravaganza “Chromatica” on hold, a look back at one of her most over-the-top videos, which recently turned 10.‘Telephone’: When Lady Gaga Took Beyoncé Into the Deep End', ' Tom Friedman, Times Opinion columnist, will join us on our next DealBook Debrief call, tomorrow at 11 a.m. Eastern. He will discuss his plan for making the American economy more resilient after the pandemic — make sure to read his latest column about it — and take your questions. For information about how to join this and future DealBook calls, sign up here. (Want this in your inbox each morning? Sign up here.)The president will take advice on reopening the economy from “Great American Economic Revival Industry Groups.” Some notable names are absent.Who Tells Trump When to Restart the Economy', 'MIAMI — Things are different in Fisher Island, the exclusive enclave off Miami Beach that is one of the wealthiest places in America. No uninvited outsiders are allowed in. Entrance is permitted only by boat.The tests show whether someone has been exposed to the coronavirus. They’re being provided to everyone in an exclusive Florida community that was able to pay for them.Everyone Wants an Antibody Test. Everyone on This Private Island Can Get One.', 'WASHINGTON — President Trump insists that choosing when to reopen the economy is “the biggest decision I’ve ever had to make,” and, in the short term, he is undoubtedly right. It is a perilous balance of public safety versus economic revival that would test any president, even one not consumed by a looming election.The Cuban Missile Crisis forced Kennedy to begin an era of arms control, and Sept. 11 forced Bush to reinvent counterterrorism. Will the coronavirus change the priorities of the Trump administration?Analysis: Will Pandemic Make Trump Rethink National Security?', 'BRUSSELS — The coronavirus has created its own form of terror. It has upended daily life, paralyzed the economy and divided people one from another. It has engendered fear of the stranger, of the unknown and unseen. It has emptied streets, restaurants and cafes. It has instilled a nearly universal agoraphobia. It has stopped air travel and closed borders.The virus generates much the same fear and anxiety caused by terrorism, but it is brought by nature, not by humans. And it demands a different response: staying alone.The Coronavirus Inflicts Its Own Kind of Terror', 'Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device:Via Apple Podcasts | Via Spotify | Via StitcherWhat “disaster mode” looks like on the front lines of the crisis.24 Hours Inside a Brooklyn Hospital', 'CHICAGO — In Oregon, Gov. Kate Brown said the move toward reopening her state would be a cautious and incremental one, guided by data on transmission of the coronavirus, availability of personal protective equipment and testing capacity, among other factors.Many governors say science will guide when they will allow a reopening, a choice they say belongs to them. “Normal it will not be,” Gov. Gavin Newsom of California said.U.S. Governors, at Center of Virus Response, Weigh What It Will Take to Reopen States', 'In “My Hero Is You,” a new illustrated book by Helen Patuck, a girl named Sara lies in bed at night, feeling scared and helpless. She misses seeing friends and going to school. As she drifts off, a dragon appears, and they fly all over the world together on a shared mission: teaching children how to keep themselves and their families safe from the novel coronavirus.Publishers and nonprofits are finding ways to get books and information to housebound children worldwide.Answering Kids’ Questions About the Coronavirus, in Free Picture Books'], ['To the Editor:Readers discuss how to spend them, support for local businesses and nonprofits and the plight of a landlord.Stimulus Checks, and Getting the Economy Going', 'BRUSSELS — The coronavirus has created its own form of terror. It has upended daily life, paralyzed the economy and divided people one from another. It has engendered fear of the stranger, of the unknown and unseen. It has emptied streets, restaurants and cafes. It has instilled a nearly universal agoraphobia. It has stopped air travel and closed borders.The virus generates much the same fear and anxiety caused by terrorism, but it is brought by nature, not by humans. And it demands a different response: staying alone.The Coronavirus Inflicts Its Own Kind of Terror', 'Good morning.Monday: A look at the clinics that care for some of California’s most vulnerable patients.Why California’s Community Health Clinics Are Vital, but Hurting', 'OTTAWA — For most people, the pandemic has turned border crossing into an impossibility. But for Laurie Dufresne, who lives in Canada and works in the United States, it remains part of her daily commute.About 1,600 health care workers commute from Windsor, Ontario, to hard-hit Detroit, prompting concerns they will carry coronavirus infections back.In Detroit She’s a Hero. In Canada She’s Seen as a Potential Risk', 'DETROIT — Dwight Jones, my high school basketball coach, died on Monday from the coronavirus. He had devoted 50 years of his life to helping young men and women, using his quick wit to get his point across.With a spike in coronavirus cases, many of us are left wondering why.Detroit Is Mourning', 'Travel and travel planning are being disrupted by the worldwide spread of the coronavirus. For the latest updates, read The New York Times’s Covid-19 coverage here.In this week’s column, Sarah Firshein investigates the ever-changing refund policies offered by travel companies.Help! The Coronavirus Struck and I Want a Refund', 'The Rev. Franklin Graham on Tuesday accused elected officials and others in New York of harassment over their criticism of his medical organization, which is operating a field hospital in Central Park for coronavirus patients that requires workers to sign a pledge that they are Christians who oppose same-sex marriage. The evangelical leader’s relief group has been criticized for requiring workers at its field hospital to say they oppose same-sex marriage.Franklin Graham Says He Is Being Harassed Over Central Park Hospital', 'Lisa Harris, a cashier at a Kroger grocery store in Virginia, was surprised last week when a customer offered her a $5 bill as a tip. Ms. Harris, a Kroger employee for 13 years, cited store policy in declining the generous offer.The agency now says “critical infrastructure workers” who may have been exposed to the coronavirus can stay on the job under certain conditions, instead of isolating.Food Workers Say C.D.C. Guidelines Put Them at Greater Risk for Infection', 'WASHINGTON — President Trump stood in the Rose Garden on Tuesday evening and recited a list of dozens of prominent business and labor leaders who he said would be advising him in deciding when and how to reopen the country’s economy, even as governors made it clear they will make those decisions themselves.He read off dozens of prominent names from Wall Street, Silicon Valley and the sports world. At least one person on the list was surprised to be on it.Trump Announces His ‘Opening the Country’ Council', 'Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device:Via Apple Podcasts | Via Spotify | Via StitcherWhat “disaster mode” looks like on the front lines of the crisis.24 Hours Inside a Brooklyn Hospital'], ['OTTAWA — For most people, the pandemic has turned border crossing into an impossibility. But for Laurie Dufresne, who lives in Canada and works in the United States, it remains part of her daily commute.About 1,600 health care workers commute from Windsor, Ontario, to hard-hit Detroit, prompting concerns they will carry coronavirus infections back.In Detroit She’s a Hero. In Canada She’s Seen as a Potential Risk', 'The economic shutdown the coronavirus has caused has already forced millions of Americans out of work and threatened the future of thousands of small businesses, and the country’s biggest banks are bracing for the fallout.First-quarter earnings reports from JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo showed the country’s largest banks were preparing for customer pain.Big Banks, Readying for a Recession, Set Aside Billions', 'This story was originally published on June 18, 2019 in NYT Parenting.It was like I was drowning in my own body.This Is What Postpartum Anxiety Feels Like', 'This article was originally published on January 28, 2020.An illustrated guide to your child’s mysterious skin afflictions.Name That Rash', 'The weeks and months after having a baby or fostering or adopting a child are a time of enormous change. Parents need that time off to care for their child — and to care for themselves. The United States is one of only a few countries without some form of paid parental leave that is guaranteed under law at a national level. Only 13 percent of American workers have access to paid family leave through private-sector employers. And while the federal Family Medical Leave Act gives eligible workers the right to 12 weeks of unpaid job-protected time off, it only covers 60 percent of the workforce.The weeks and months after having a baby or fostering or adopting a child are a time of enormous change. Parents need that time off to care for their child — and to care for themselves.How to Ask for Maternity or Paternity Leave When Your Company Has No Policy', 'TRIPOLI — Early last spring, just before a planned American-backed peace conference between warring factions in Libya, the aspiring Libyan strongman Khalifa Hifter arranged a phone call with John R. Bolton, then the White House national security adviser.Russia wanted more leverage over an aspiring Libyan strongman. The White House provided it by assenting to a disastrous civil war.The White House Blessed a War in Libya, but Russia Won It', 'This story was originally published on Nov. 6, 2019 in NYT Parenting.The internet abounds with strategies for turning a baby head down, but only one is more effective than doing nothing at all.Can You Flip a Breech Baby in the Womb?', 'One symptom of the coronavirus pandemic has been an explosion of economic nationalism around the world. Many countries, including the United States and members of the European Union, have erected export controls to prevent scarce goods like protective masks, gowns, gloves, ventilators and testing kits from being sold abroad. And global competition to purchase these goods is playing out like the plot of a bad action movie with accusations that planes full of Europe-bound masks have been diverted at the last minute to the United States. A German official has accused the United States of “modern piracy.”When it comes to crucial medical supplies, cooperation, not competition, will save lives. History shows that it works.This Is Not the Time to Let the Market Decide', 'WASHINGTON — Disregarding an emerging scientific link between dirty air and Covid-19 death rates, the Trump administration declined on Tuesday to tighten a regulation on industrial soot emissions that came up for review ahead of the coronavirus pandemic.Despite an emerging link between air pollution and Covid-19 death rates, the Trump administration will decline to tighten standards on soot emissions.‘Unbelievable’ Timing: As Coronavirus Rages, Trump Disregards Advice to Tighten Clean Air Rules', 'This story was originally published on March 10, 2020 in NYT Parenting.It’s embarrassing to admit I envy their relationship, but it turns out I’m not alone.I’m Jealous of the Attention My Wife Gives My Son. Am I a Monster?'], ['This briefing is no longer updating. Read the latest developments in the coronavirus outbreak here.The latest on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.China’s G.D.P. Shrank in the First Quarter', 'WASHINGTON — Speaker Nancy Pelosi, moving aggressively to scrutinize the Trump administration’s handling of the coronavirus pandemic, said Thursday that she would seek to create a special bipartisan committee to oversee all aspects of the government’s response, including how it distributes more than $2 trillion in emergency aid.Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced she would move to form a special committee to scrutinize the Trump administration’s response, including how more than $2 trillion in federal relief money is being spent.From Afar, Congress Moves to Oversee Trump Coronavirus Response', 'SEOUL, South Korea — The most important thing about this country’s legislative elections this week is the fact that they happened at all. They were the world’s first nationwide vote of the coronavirus era, and more than 29 million people — 66 percent of the electorate, the highest turnout in nearly three decades — cast ballots to choose 300 new members for the National Assembly.South Korea has been a model of testing and tracing during the epidemic. Now it is for voting, too.How Democracy Won the World’s First Coronavirus Election', 'Just about a month ago, people stricken with the new coronavirus started to arrive in unending ranks at hospitals in the New York metropolitan area, forming the white-hot center of the pandemic in the United States.Ironclad emergency medical practices — about when to use ventilators, for example — have dissolved almost overnight.What Doctors on the Front Lines Wish They’d Known a Month Ago', 'BOGOTÁ, Colombia — So many men. Men at the bakery, men on bikes, men in parks, men in the grocery aisles.As the virus hits Latin America, countries are trying different approaches to keep people off the street. In Bogotá, men and women are only allowed out on alternate days.To Beat the Virus, Colombia Tries Separating Men and Women', 'This guide was originally published on October 29, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Stillbirth is rare but has a huge impact on families. It’s important to know the risk factors and warning signs.Understanding the Risks for Stillbirth, and Coping if It Happens to You', 'Want this in your inbox each morning? Sign up here.The number of people in America who lost their jobs in the past four weeks is expected to surpass all of the jobs created since the last recession.A Decade of Jobs Destroyed in a Month', 'Want more basketball in your inbox? Sign up for Marc Stein’s weekly N.B.A. newsletter here.In this week’s newsletter, Marc Stein outlines six things to know about the suspended N.B.A. season and discusses ways the league can honor David Stern.What We Know About the N.B.A., and What We Don’t', 'The progressive wing of the Democratic Party fell flat in this year’s presidential primary, and Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez knows it.In an interview, Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said she intended to support the presumptive Democratic nominee, but the “process of coming together should be uncomfortable for everyone involved.”Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Has Never Spoken to Joe Biden. Here’s What She Would Say.', 'MIAMI — The soundless video shows a man wearing a protective mask picking up bags and boxes outside a white van when a Miami police officer pulls up.The Miami police chief promised an investigation after a video showed Dr. Armen Henderson being handcuffed outside his home on Friday.Police Handcuff Black Doctor Who Tests Homeless for Coronavirus'], ['The recent misfortune of American businesses — many of which are struggling to raise cash to stay afloat — is creating new moneymaking opportunities for hedge funds and private equity firms, big investors that have been relatively unscathed by the pandemic.Hedge funds and private equity firms are plotting to lend to companies struggling with the fallout from the pandemic, or even buy stakes in them.Some Big Investors Smell Profit in Virus-Plagued Companies', 'Massachusetts Polls: Who Different Groups Supported', 'Vermont Polls: Who Different Groups Supported', 'Washington Polls: Who Different Groups Supported', 'Colorado Polls: Who Different Groups Supported', 'Alabama Polls: Who Different Groups Supported', 'When a tiger tests positive for the novel coronavirus, the immediate question is: What about other cats?Scientists are still trying to understand which animals may be susceptible to the new coronavirus. Much is unknown, but there’s no evidence so far that pets can spread the virus to people.A Tiger Is Slightly Sick With the Coronavirus. Your Cats Are Probably OK.', 'Making sense of the coronavirus pandemic requires getting up to speed on semantics as much as epidemiology.Officials often use similar words when describing the pandemic, but they are not always talking about the same thing, making global comparisons less useful.Peaks, Testing, Lockdowns: How Coronavirus Vocabulary Causes Confusion', 'Travel and travel planning are being disrupted by the worldwide spread of the coronavirus. For the latest updates, read The New York Times’s Covid-19 coverage here.Booking sites are scrambling to handle an unprecedented number of cancellation requests, and many customers say they are falling short.Why Is Getting a Refund From an Online Travel Agency So Hard?', 'From dorm rooms and apartments, 52 medical students watched video of themselves roll across their screens. Miles away, their proud families followed online. Gazing into webcams, the students pledged the Hippocratic oath in frayed unison, dozens of different starts and voices, all coming to the same point.In a stirring, ragged ritual, the students took their oaths as new doctors early, volunteering in the war against Covid-19.One Final Step for 52 Medical Students, Eager to Join the Fight'], ['OAKLAND, Calif. — In one of the most far-ranging attempts to halt the spread of the coronavirus, Apple and Google said they were building software into smartphones that would tell people if they were recently in contact with someone who was infected with it.The technology giants said they would embed a feature in iPhones and Android devices to enable users to track infected people they’d come close to.Apple and Google Team Up to ‘Contact Trace’ the Coronavirus', 'We’re all in this weird, confusing state of feeling powerless: We want to help, but the most helpful thing any of us can do is to stay at home.Most important: Remember that being recovered does not make you immune from practicing good hygiene.Recovered From Coronavirus? Here’s How You Can Help', 'The World Health Organization added workplace burnout as an “occupational phenomenon” in the most recent edition of the International Classification of Diseases handbook. Read about identifying and easing burnout below.The burnout you feel as a parent and the burnout you feel at work are two separate phenomena with similar symptoms.How to Avoid Burnout When You Have Little Ones', 'This briefing has ended. Follow our latest coverage of the coronavirus pandemic.Health, business and political leaders warn against a rush to lift restrictions. New Yorkers will have to wear face coverings in public, and California will extend aid to undocumented workers.Testing Is Biggest Obstacle to Reopening States, Experts Say', 'WASHINGTON — The Department of Veterans Affairs had a problem: Some of its workers appeared to be taking home extra masks and other protective gear, most likely fearing that they might not have enough supplies to do their jobs. So the department decided it would start checking everyone’s bags before they left for the day, and officials drafted a memo to explain the new policy.Officials at the Department of Veterans Affairs have denied that workers across their huge health care system — which serves nine million veterans and has 390,000 employees — have inadequate gear.V.A. Health Care Workers Balk at Safety Practices', ' [Want to get New York Today by email? Here’s the sign-up.]New York and six nearby states have created an alliance to plan for when the coronavirus lockdown eases.Coordination on an Eventual Reopening', 'Good morning.Wednesday: Public health officials set a six-part framework for deciding how to slowly reopen the economy. Also: A dispatch from the U.S.N.S. Mercy.Newsom: ‘We’re Not Out of The Woods Yet’', 'This story was originally published on Oct. 18, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Facing parental burnout? Use the magic word.Saying ‘No’ Is Self-Care for Parents', 'This obituary is part of a series about people who have died in the coronavirus pandemic. Read about others here.She helped transgender women in Queens contend with human trafficking, health issues and possible deportation. Her death was attributed to the coronavirus.Lorena Borjas, Transgender Immigrant Activist, Dies at 59', 'PARIS — Amazon said Wednesday that it would temporarily halt its operations in France after a court ruled the company had failed to adequately protect warehouse workers against the threat of the coronavirus and that it must restrict deliveries to only food, hygiene and medical products until it addressed the issue.The move follows a French court order for the U.S. retailer to limit deliveries to essential goods amid controversy over virus safety measures.Amazon to Suspend Operations in France Over Coronavirus Dispute'], ['In New York City apartments, behaviors that were once perfectly normal — a Friday night dinner party, taking the dog for a walk, or inviting a sibling to visit for a while — are suddenly deviant, and potentially dangerous, leaving property owners and building managers struggling to figure out when and how to keep tenants in line as they attempt to reduce the spread of the coronavirus.Tensions can flare as apartment residents and building managers navigate the rules of social distancing.Can I Have Friends Over for Dinner?', 'KABUL, Afghanistan — The Taliban have returned to an all-out offensive on the battlefield, killing dozens of Afghan security forces each day, officials say, even as American officials try to keep alive a scuttled peace deal to end the long war in Afghanistan.With peace negotiations apparently stuck, the insurgents are killing dozens of Afghan government forces every day.Taliban Ramp Up Attacks Even as Coronavirus Spreads in Afghanistan', 'PRODIGAL SON 9 p.m. on Fox. There are few subjects as rich in storytelling potential as parent-child conflict and law enforcement. This series, which wraps its first season tonight, includes a lot of both. It follows Malcolm Bright (Tom Payne), an N.Y.P.D. investigator who is trying to evade the legacy of his serial killer father, Martin Whitly (Michael Sheen). His attempts to distance himself from his paternal inheritance were stymied when a copycat case required him to turn to Martin for help. Last week’s episode ended with Malcolm being arrested and charged with an offscreen murder. In the finale, perhaps we’ll see if he has followed in his father’s bloody footsteps.The Martin Freeman comedy comes to a close. And a new Netflix series from Mindy Kaling makes its debut.What’s on TV Monday: ‘Breeders’ and ‘Never Have I Ever’', "PARIS — Healthcare and clinical diagnostics company Novacyt has signed a supply contract with the UK's Department of Health & Social Care (DHSC) for its product aimed at testing for the presence of the coronavirus, the company said on Monday.Healthcare and clinical diagnostics company Novacyt has signed a supply contract with the UK's Department of Health & Social Care (DHSC) for its product aimed at testing for the presence of the coronavirus, the company said on Monday.Novacyt Signs Coronavirus Test Supply Contract With UK Government", "JAKARTA — Indonesia's number of reported cases of the coronavirus has risen by 214 to 9,096, health ministry official Achmad Yurianto said on Monday.Indonesia's number of reported cases of the coronavirus has risen by 214 to 9,096, health ministry official Achmad Yurianto said on Monday.Indonesia Reports 214 New Coronavirus Infections, 22 Deaths", 'This article is part of the On Tech newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it weekdays.The pandemic is devastating start-ups. This matters in ways we can’t always see.When Silly Start-Ups Falter, We All Lose', 'Until a few months ago, most of us didn’t give hand sanitizer much thought. Now it’s sold out around the world, prompting a variety of do-it-yourself recipes that are designed to be mixed up in a home kitchen.Recipes circulating on social media say it’s simple. But the end result is not like the real thing, and it may not be effective at killing germs.Mixing Your Own Hand Sanitizer?', 'For Americans sheltering at home during the coronavirus pandemic, the Zoom videoconferencing platform has become a lifeline, enabling millions of people to easily keep in touch with family members, friends, students, teachers and work colleagues.After an inquiry from Times reporters, Zoom said it would disable a data-mining feature that could be used to snoop on participants during meetings without their knowledge.A Feature on Zoom Secretly Displayed Data From People’s LinkedIn Profiles', 'When the lockdown began — the orders to avoid travel, to avoid friends, to “shelter in place,” to shrink our worlds to the slightest physical dimensions endurable — my first impression was of how quickly and ingeniously we adapted. Abracadabra: Classrooms went online. Physicians and therapists used Zoom to see patients. Happy hour happened on FaceTime.Digital chats and virtual cocktails can lift our longing only so much.We’re Not Wired to Be This Alone', 'MIAMI — Florida’s coronavirus cases kept ballooning, especially in the dense neighborhoods of Miami and Fort Lauderdale. Hospitals in Fort Myers and Naples begged for donations of masks and other protective equipment. Young people started to die.Gov. Ron DeSantis said the decision corresponded with the “national pause” effectively recommended by the White House.Florida Governor, at Long Last, Orders Residents to Stay Home to Avoid Coronavirus'], ['PHILADELPHIA — My pager goes off again: The police are en route to my hospital. They’re bringing a gunshot victim. E.T.A.? Right now.Gunshot victims are fighting for space inside our overcrowded I.C.U.s.Please, Stop Shooting. We Need the Beds.', 'On Saturday, Tulsa, Okla., and Oklahoma City joined 43 of the nation’s 50 largest cities in America that had ordered residents to “shelter in place.”Many people thanked me for taking action to save lives. Others compared me to Hitler.I’m a Red-State Mayor and I Ordered My City to Stay Home', 'Let’s try to look on the bright side of coronavirus politics. OK, that sounds ridiculous. Let’s look on a less neurosis-inducing side.Always look on the bright side of life.Well, at Least Trump Hasn’t …', 'LONDON — The world is almost certainly ensnared in a devastating recession delivered by the coronavirus pandemic.Fears are growing that the worldwide economic downturn could be especially deep and lengthy, with recovery limited by continued anxiety.Why the Global Recession Could Last a Long Time', 'In the days before New Yorkers stayed home and people still touched their faces without dread, Matt Jozwiak was preparing to help.A group called Rethink has teamed up with the Michelin-starred restaurant to feed New Yorkers in need.New York’s New Soup Kitchen Has an Upscale Address: Eleven Madison Park', 'This article is part of David Leonhardt’s newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it each weekday.Next time, how about the truth?The Mask Fiasco', 'WASHINGTON — Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the nation’s leading expert on infectious diseases, who has become a regular at President Trump’s coronavirus briefings, will receive enhanced personal security after receiving threats following his repeated pleas for Americans to help slow the spread of the deadly pandemic, officials said on Wednesday.Dr. Fauci has become a target of online conspiracy theorists after advocating social distancing rules.After Threats, Anthony Fauci to Receive Enhanced Personal Security', 'Kim Kardashian West breezed into a steakhouse in Washington, D.C., last month, wearing a bright white outfit with a giant fabric flower on the lapel. Technically, it was a pantsuit, but tighter and more fabulous than its Beltway cousins.In two years, the reality TV star has become a force in criminal justice, all while continuing to sell body-sculpting undergarments and plugging diet products on Instagram.Inside Kim Kardashian’s Prison-Reform Machine', 'Q: Last week, I received a notice from the managing agent of my Upper Manhattan co-op that a resident had tested positive for coronavirus. The management company would not disclose where in the building the resident lives, or if the person used any building amenities before testing positive. Then, today, we received an updated notice: Going forward, the managing agent will no longer inform us of reported cases in the building. Can they really keep this information from us?Some property owners and building managers are informing residents when a neighbor has tested positive. But they don’t have to.Why Won’t My Building Tell Me if a Resident Has Coronavirus?', 'On March 23, as the coronavirus pandemic put grocery workers on the front lines of a public health crisis, Trader Joe’s sent a memo to store managers encouraging them to relay a message to employees: Joining a union might be a bad idea.The chain has aggressively opposed unionization efforts among its employees, who have been critical of its response to the coronavirus.Labor Fight Collides With the Pandemic at Trader Joe’s'], ['SEOUL, South Korea — The most important thing about this country’s legislative elections this week is the fact that they happened at all. They were the world’s first nationwide vote of the coronavirus era, and more than 29 million people — 66 percent of the electorate, the highest turnout in nearly three decades — cast ballots to choose 300 new members for the National Assembly.South Korea has been a model of testing and tracing during the epidemic. Now it is for voting, too.How Democracy Won the World’s First Coronavirus Election', 'Just about a month ago, people stricken with the new coronavirus started to arrive in unending ranks at hospitals in the New York metropolitan area, forming the white-hot center of the pandemic in the United States.Ironclad emergency medical practices — about when to use ventilators, for example — have dissolved almost overnight.What Doctors on the Front Lines Wish They’d Known a Month Ago', 'This story was originally published on March 10, 2020 in NYT Parenting.It’s embarrassing to admit I envy their relationship, but it turns out I’m not alone.I’m Jealous of the Attention My Wife Gives My Son. Am I a Monster?', 'This briefing has ended. Follow our latest coverage of the coronavirus pandemic.Health, business and political leaders warn against a rush to lift restrictions. New Yorkers will have to wear face coverings in public, and California will extend aid to undocumented workers.Testing Is Biggest Obstacle to Reopening States, Experts Say', 'Want this in your inbox each morning? Sign up here.The number of people in America who lost their jobs in the past four weeks is expected to surpass all of the jobs created since the last recession.A Decade of Jobs Destroyed in a Month', 'This obituary is part of a series about people who have died in the coronavirus pandemic. Read about others here.She helped transgender women in Queens contend with human trafficking, health issues and possible deportation. Her death was attributed to the coronavirus.Lorena Borjas, Transgender Immigrant Activist, Dies at 59', 'PARIS — Amazon said Wednesday that it would temporarily halt its operations in France after a court ruled the company had failed to adequately protect warehouse workers against the threat of the coronavirus and that it must restrict deliveries to only food, hygiene and medical products until it addressed the issue.The move follows a French court order for the U.S. retailer to limit deliveries to essential goods amid controversy over virus safety measures.Amazon to Suspend Operations in France Over Coronavirus Dispute', 'Want more basketball in your inbox? Sign up for Marc Stein’s weekly N.B.A. newsletter here.In this week’s newsletter, Marc Stein outlines six things to know about the suspended N.B.A. season and discusses ways the league can honor David Stern.What We Know About the N.B.A., and What We Don’t', 'This guide was originally published on October 29, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Stillbirth is rare but has a huge impact on families. It’s important to know the risk factors and warning signs.Understanding the Risks for Stillbirth, and Coping if It Happens to You', 'This briefing is no longer updating. Read the latest developments in the coronavirus outbreak here.The latest on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.China’s G.D.P. Shrank in the First Quarter'], ['As Iran struggles with a devastating coronavirus outbreak, a broken economy and a severe shortage of medical equipment, it says that American trade sanctions are taking Iranian lives and has called for the United States to lift them on humanitarian grounds.Iran, devastated by the coronavirus, is asking the U.S. to lift sanctions on humanitarian grounds. U.S. officials say sanctions aren’t to blame; Iran is.Iran Says U.S. Sanctions Are Taking Lives. U.S. Officials Disagree.', 'Americans bought about two million guns last month, according to a New York Times analysis of federal data.Americans bought about two million guns last month, according to a New York Times analysis of federal data.About 2 Million Guns Were Sold in the U.S. as Virus Fears Spread', 'To the Editor:Readers discuss the challenges for both teachers and students.Trying to Adapt to Remote Learning', '(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.) Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.Coronavirus, Masks, Bill Withers: Your Friday Evening Briefing', 'To the Editor:A reader criticizes Gov. Ron DeSantis. Also: The shortage of ventilators; preparing for death.Religious Exemption From Florida’s Stay-at-Home Order', '[This article is part of the developing coronavirus coverage, and was updated on March 26. Go here for the latest on the coronavirus.]The risks, so far, seem no greater than for anyone else, but the research is thin and only applies to later stage of pregnancy.What Pregnant Women Should Know About Coronavirus', 'As if in the darkest children’s fable ever told, the undisputed winner of the current plague turns out to be the man who already had everything, the king whose empire appears intent on consuming the entire map. This week Jeff Bezos, the richest man on earth, saw the year’s first financial quarter close with Amazon stock up more than 5 percent, trading at $1,950 a share, during a period in which the Dow had its worst overall quarter since 1987.Employees want more wipes and less crowding in sanitized warehouses.‘We Didn’t Sign Up for This’: Amazon Workers on the Front Lines', 'The coronavirus outbreak has turned many of us into nervous germophobes, seeking to protect ourselves from infection by washing our hands methodically and frequently, avoiding unnecessary contact with so called high-touch surfaces and methodically sanitizing packages, our homes and our bodies.For people who have been diagnosed with obsessive-compulsive disorder, the coronavirus pandemic creates blurry lines between safety and compulsion.For Those With O.C.D., a Threat That Is Both Heightened and Familiar', 'Trump’s son-in-law has no business running the coronavirus response.Putting Jared Kushner In Charge Is Utter Madness', 'NEW DELHI — Ana Pautler, a trekker from San Francisco, was partway up a Himalayan mountain trail in Nepal when she noticed something peculiar: People were turning around.As the coronavirus spreads, American tourists say the State Department was slow to inform citizens of the challenges in returning home.Stranded Abroad, Americans Ask: Why Weren’t We Warned Sooner?'], ['The economic toll of the coronavirus outbreak in the U.S. is mounting even faster than the case counts: Another 6.6 million people filed new claims for unemployment benefits last week. That puts the total for the three weeks of widespread shutdowns above 16 million — almost twice the net job losses for the entire 2007-9 recession.Another 6.6 million people filed new claims for unemployment benefits last week, as new potential hot spots emerged.Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today', 'LONDON — By Saturday afternoon, after three weeks of impasse, after hearing their morals questioned by politicians and witnessing their clubs start to line up for government bailouts, the players of the Premier League decided to take matters into their own hands.For three weeks, the world’s richest soccer league has been consumed by a debate over whether players, or clubs, should bear the cost of the coronavirus crisis. It has turned so toxic the schism may be hard to heal.Premier League Clubs and Players Are at War. Both Are Losing.', 'The four-time Olympic gold medalist Hayley Wickenheiser of Canada was around 10 years old when she first had the idea of being both a professional hockey player and a doctor. Wickenheiser, now 41, grew up in Shaunavon, Saskatchewan, a town of fewer than 2,000 people and less than two square miles in size. A young girl in the area had been severely injured after getting hit by a grocery delivery van.Hayley Wickenheiser, who won four Olympic gold medals as a hockey player, is now a medical student and among the elite athletes using their skills and platforms to fight the coronavirus.They Played Sports at the Highest Level. Now Their Job Is to Save Lives.', 'WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court, never the most transparent of institutions, has all but vanished.The question confronts Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. with choices that will invariably be seen as political.Latest Question for Supreme Court: How to Rule on a Crowded Docket During a Pandemic', 'A late-arriving wave of illness could overwhelm rural communities that are older, poorer and sicker than much of the country.A late-arriving wave of illness could overwhelm rural communities that are older, poorer and sicker than much of the country.Coronavirus Was Slow to Spread to Rural America. Not Anymore.', 'Although the coronavirus was spread around the world by people who could afford to travel by airplanes and cruise ships, the virus now threatens the socially invisible and forgotten communities of urban slums.The most important factor in enabling the spread of pandemics in slums is the neglect of these marginalized populations by governing elites.A Billion People Live in Slums. Can They Survive the Virus?', 'WASHINGTON — The Department of Health and Human Services’ preparedness and response division is confronting the deadliest pandemic in a century, and its leaders want to know how America is feeling.A presentation obtained by The New York Times shows that the Department of Health and Human Services’ emergency response office is monitoring public sentiment around the coronavirus.As the Pandemic Rages, the Trump Administration Monitors Our Feelings', 'LONDON — We live in unprecedented times — or so they tell us. The coronavirus lockdown, which began in Britain on March 23, has led to the cancellation of all theater performances through May 31, at least. What happens after remains to be seen.London’s playhouses have been shuttered before, by plagues and war for instance, but they have always returned as strong as ever.Closed Theaters Are Nothing New. The Good News Is, They Reopen.', 'Development has ground to a halt across New York City. Or has it?The city is trying to enforce a stop-work order to keep workers safe. But there are exemptions, and many developers want one.Construction in New York Limps Forward Despite Shutdown Order', 'This article is part of our latest Artificial Intelligence special report, which focuses on how the technology continues to evolve and affect our lives.Advances in software applications that process human language lie at the heart of the debate over whether computer technologies will enhance or even substitute for human creativity.You Can’t Spell Creative Without A.I.'], ['The economic shutdown the coronavirus has caused has already forced millions of Americans out of work and threatened the future of thousands of small businesses, and the country’s biggest banks are bracing for the fallout.First-quarter earnings reports from JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo showed the country’s largest banks were preparing for customer pain.Big Banks, Readying for a Recession, Set Aside Billions', 'CHICAGO — In Oregon, Gov. Kate Brown said the move toward reopening her state would be a cautious and incremental one, guided by data on transmission of the coronavirus, availability of personal protective equipment and testing capacity, among other factors.Many governors say science will guide when they will allow a reopening, a choice they say belongs to them. “Normal it will not be,” Gov. Gavin Newsom of California said.U.S. Governors, at Center of Virus Response, Weigh What It Will Take to Reopen States', 'For Americans who live alone, or are single parents, the prospect of getting coronavirus can be especially daunting. Without another adult to help, you could be left caring for yourself, your finances, your pets and your children while battling a serious and highly contagious disease.It’s possible to plan ahead so friends, neighbors and relatives can help if you wind up needing it.Single or a Single Parent? Here’s How to Prepare for the Coronavirus', 'WASHINGTON — President Trump insists that choosing when to reopen the economy is “the biggest decision I’ve ever had to make,” and, in the short term, he is undoubtedly right. It is a perilous balance of public safety versus economic revival that would test any president, even one not consumed by a looming election.The Cuban Missile Crisis forced Kennedy to begin an era of arms control, and Sept. 11 forced Bush to reinvent counterterrorism. Will the coronavirus change the priorities of the Trump administration?Analysis: Will Pandemic Make Trump Rethink National Security?', 'Here are three steps to help you harness stress to improve your health and well-being.Here are three steps to help you harness stress to improve your health and well-being.Five Swipes on Stress Management', 'This guide was originally published on July 29, 2019 in NYT Parenting. Check our  guidance on working with child care professionals during coronavirus here.Hiring a new nanny will take time and effort, but there are lots of places to look — and great candidates to be found.Finding the Right Nanny for Your Family', 'We have never experienced a lockdown like this. Public and personal spaces have been transformed almost overnight. With so many new rules to follow, it’s understandable to feel destabilized. But we should still strive to be our best selves as we go about our day.Tips on etiquette as we all learn how to stay distant but kind.How to Navigate Public Spaces and More', ' If you couldn’t join us for the DealBook Debrief call with Tom Friedman yesterday, the highlights are at the bottom of the email and the full recording is here. Skip to 9:00 to hear Tom sing a gospel song — we covered a lot of ground in the call. (Want this in your inbox each morning? Sign up here.)The markets are abuzz about early data from a trial of an antiviral drug, as President Trump unveils guidelines for restarting the U.S. economy.A Prescription for Reviving the Economy', 'This story was originally published on Aug. 27, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Decades of research shows that corporal punishment harms children and communities. Yet a vocal subgroup of doctors argues that an anti-spanking policy vilifies African-Americans.In a Warning Against Spanking, Some Pediatricians See an Attack on Black Families', 'For years, Claire McCarville dreamed of going to college in New York or Los Angeles, and was thrilled last month to get accepted to selective schools in both places. But earlier this month, she sent a $300 deposit to Arizona State University, a 15-minute drive from her home in Phoenix. “It made more sense,” she said, “in light of the virus.”The pandemic has already cost universities millions of dollars. As they consider the possibility of remote classes into the fall, they’re worried about losing students, too.After Coronavirus, Colleges Worry: Will Students Come Back?'], ['This article is part of our latest Artificial Intelligence special report, which focuses on how the technology continues to evolve and affect our lives.Advances in software applications that process human language lie at the heart of the debate over whether computer technologies will enhance or even substitute for human creativity.You Can’t Spell Creative Without A.I.', 'In 2012, I started working from home full time. Within just a few months, I threw my back out from sitting all day at a home office thrown together from what I had on hand. That event kicked off a quest to find office equipment that would be a bit easier on my spine. I expected the quest to consist of a trip to the store. Instead, it’s been years of learning what good posture really entails.Ergonomics are important, but remember, there’s no one solution for everybody.My Long, Unending Journey to Find Perfect Office Equipment', '[This briefing has ended. For the latest updates on the coronavirus, read Friday’s live coverage.]New York State recorded its fewest deaths in 10 days, but the governor said more progress was needed before he would lift restrictions.Cuomo Extends Coronavirus Shutdown Order to May 15', 'WASHINGTON — Coronavirus patients in areas that had high levels of air pollution before the pandemic are more likely to die from the infection than patients in cleaner parts of the country, according to a new nationwide study that offers the first clear link between long-term exposure to pollution and Covid-19 death rates.A nationwide study has found that counties with even slightly higher levels of long-term air pollution are seeing  larger numbers of Covid-19 deaths.New Research Links Air Pollution to Higher Coronavirus Death Rates', 'The Covid-19 pandemic is stretching our public health system to its limits and challenging our ability to meet the urgent and critical medical needs of the country as never before. As executives responsible for the legal affairs of major hospitals and lawyers working in Covid-19 hot spots, we know how crucial it is to have every available front-line medical worker fighting this pandemic.If the Supreme Court affirms the administration’s termination of DACA, thousands of vital health care workers could be deported.There’s Only One Thing Stopping Trump From Deporting Health Care Workers', 'This is not a time to die.“If people saw this, they would stay home.” What the war against the coronavirus looks like inside two Bronx hospitals.Life and Death in the ‘Hot Zone’', 'In the weeks since I was hospitalized for the coronavirus, the same question has flooded my email inbox, texts and direct messages: Are you better yet? I don’t yet know how to answer. While the widespread support from friends, family and strangers has been very heartwarming, I’ve also struggled to reconcile the genuine happiness expressed at my improving condition with my own lingering symptoms, confusion about contagion, and anxieties about relapse.They’re a lot more complicated than most people realize.We Need to Talk About What Coronavirus Recoveries Look Like', 'Rest easy, people. We’ve got the Great American Economic Revival Industry Groups watching out for us.What this country needs is another group with a very long name.Trump’s Flounder Period', 'On Jan. 26, our country’s top public health expert on viral respiratory diseases, Dr. Nancy Messonnier of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said in discussing the coronavirus then ravaging China, “We need to be preparing as if this is a pandemic.” A month later, she warned, “The disruption to everyday life might be severe.” Imagine how different the world would be today if the administration had heeded these words.It starts with good detective work. It requires a White House willing to listen.I Used to Run the C.D.C. Here’s What It Can Do to Slow This Pandemic.', 'For three years, my dad prepared to hike the Appalachian Trail. For three years, he mulled over the gear he would carry, test-ran dehydrated meals and instant coffee brands, did trial runs in a sleeping bag in his frostbitten Ohio backyard and watched thousands of hours of other hikers vlogging their A.T. adventures.The coronavirus hit just as my dad set out on a journey three years in the making. Convincing him to come home has been difficult.Last Man on the Appalachian Trail'], ['As state after state has announced coronavirus stay-at-home orders, one bright spot remains: It’s still OK to go for a walk. (If you’re not sick, and if you wear a mask and keep six feet away from everyone outside your household.)Going outside is still a joy. But we all need to do more to walk and run while social distancing.Rules for Using the Sidewalk During the Coronavirus', 'I vividly remember conducting a phone interview from my office late one evening when my children were young. I could hear as the person I was speaking to turned on a kitchen sink, opened their refrigerator, and clinked bowls and dishes as they made dinner. My heart ached. Why couldn’t I be at home with my family, too?The obsession with office “face time” hurts women. When the coronavirus pandemic is behind us, let’s not return to it.What Moms Always Knew About Working From Home', 'Welcome to the Climate Fwd: newsletter. New this month, for the 50th anniversary of Earth Day, The New York Times is bringing you The Greenhouse, a digital event series on climate change. Join us on our first live video call this Friday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern, where Times climate journalists Hannah Fairfield, Somini Sengupta, Nadja Popovich and John Schwartz will discuss climate in the age of the coronavirus.Also this week: How to be ready for overlapping disastersRace, Pollution and the Coronavirus', 'BANGKOK — As China was stricken by the coronavirus in late February, its foreign minister addressed a concerned crowd in Laos, where farmers and fishers across the Mekong River region were contending with the worst drought in living memory.New research show that Beijing’s engineers appear to have directly caused the record low levels of water in Thailand, Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam.China Limited the Mekong’s Flow. Other Countries Suffered a Drought.', '[This briefing has ended. For the latest updates on the coronavirus outbreak in the New York area, read Monday’s live coverage.]Governor Cuomo and Mayor de Blasio continued to spar over New York City schools on Sunday.Coronavirus Kills 758 in New York but Data Suggest Spread Is Slowing', 'Using flag-draped memes and military terminology, the Trump administration and its Chinese counterparts have cast coronavirus research as national imperatives, sparking talk of a biotech arms race.Never before, scientists say, have so many of the world’s researchers focused so urgently on a single topic. Nearly all other research has ground to a halt.Covid-19 Changed How the World Does Science, Together', 'WASHINGTON — When Senator Marco Rubio released a report last February warning that the United States risked losing important components of its medical supply chain to China, it barely registered with most Americans.Lawmakers who have long lobbied for the United States to be tougher on China are using the pandemic to press for punitive measures against Beijing.China Hawks in Congress See an Opportunity in Coronavirus', 'BASSFIELD, Miss. — Like most Americans, Mamie Harper and her husband had tucked themselves away at home in an effort to keep the coronavirus at bay. On Easter Sunday, they listened to an audio feed of their church service while huddled indoors.The storm carved a destructive path across six states on Sunday and Monday, causing widespread damage and cutting power to tens of thousands of customers.Dozens Are Killed as Tornadoes and Severe Weather Strike Southern States', 'WASHINGTON — President Trump turned Monday’s daily coronavirus task force briefing into an aggressive defense of his own halting response to the pandemic and used a campaign-style video to denounce criticism that he moved too slowly to limit the deadly spread of the virus.Also at the briefing on Monday, Dr. Anthony Fauci said a comment he made that was seen as critical of the president was taken out of context, and Mr. Trump said he did not intend to fire him.Trump Turns Daily Coronavirus Briefing Into a Defense of His Record', 'Hundreds of companies across the United States are reinventing themselves to make equipment that is desperately needed to treat the coronavirus. That so many American manufacturers are rising to meet this pandemic with little coordination from the federal government reveals a deep altruism in our national character.The president has promoted himself as a champion of American manufacturing, but now he avoids addressing its shortcomings.Why Can’t America Make Enough Masks or Ventilators?'], ['CHAPEL HILL, N.C. — When Bill Smith moved here in the late 1960s, he couldn’t find corned ham, a staple in New Bern, the coastal town where he grew up.Holidays bring a hankering for a traditional dish that the chef Bill Smith has devoted himself to making popular again.The Lure and Lore of Corned Ham, a Salty Slice of North Carolina', 'Kim Jiyoung, the exceptionally average protagonist of Cho Nam-Joo’s novel, is 33, living on the outskirts of Seoul with her husband and infant daughter. She is exhausted by the monotony of cooking, cleaning and child-rearing, and vaguely resentful that she gave up her job at a marketing agency.“Kim Jiyoung, Born 1982,” a surprise hit when it was published, ignited what Cho Nam-Joo called “a public debate” around gender and inequality.The Heroine of This Korean Best Seller Is Extremely Ordinary. That’s the Point.', 'There is no proof that any drug can cure or prevent infection with the coronavirus. But in the face of an exploding pandemic with a frightening death toll, people are desperate for a bit of hope, a chance to believe there is something that will help.Here are the facts on hydroxychloroquine, which the president has promoted despite little evidence that it works against the coronavirus.7 Answers to Questions About the Malaria Drug Trump Keeps Pushing', 'Just a few weeks ago, it was typical for personal assistants to make reservations for thousand-dollar rooms at the Four Seasons Hotel New York for their high-profile bosses.The Four Seasons reinvented itself in a matter of days.How a Luxury Hotel on Billionaires’ Row Became a Dorm for Hospital Workers', 'Mike Boggs found himself staring out the window at his assisted living center in Sioux City, Iowa, wondering when the coronavirus pandemic would end and when he would be able to safely go outside again.Pen pal programs have sprouted up around the world as schools and senior centers try to keep older adults connected and children occupied.To Battle Isolation, Elders and Children Connect as Pen Pals', 'LONDON — After a week of mounting legal pressure, Northern Ireland’s Department of Health authorized abortion services in the region late on Thursday, putting into force legislation that overturns one of the world’s most restrictive abortion laws.Under a threat from women’s groups to take the matter to court, the health authorities confirmed that the procedure could now be carried out by medical professionals in the region.Legal Abortion Begins in Northern Ireland', 'SEOUL, South Korea — They came wearing masks and stood in line at three-foot intervals. They were required to have their body temperatures taken, to rub their hands with sanitizer and to put on disposable plastic gloves handed out by officials. Then they entered the booths and voted, as South Korea pressed ahead with its first election in a time of epidemic.The outbreak has disrupted global political calendars, but the country’s early parliamentary voting so far has been smooth — and heavily regulated.South Korea Goes to the Polls, Coronavirus Pandemic or Not', 'On March 24 Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo appeared at the Jacob K. Javits Center in Manhattan and, as soldiers scrambled to transform it into a hospital, he offered the public a dire assessment.Officials had estimated that 140,000 hospital beds might be needed to treat coronavirus patients. Only about 18,500 were in use by week’s end.Virus Deaths Mount, but N.Y. Avoids Predicted Surge at Hospitals So Far', 'BANGKOK — His whole family back in Myanmar depended on him. But Ko Zaw Win Tun, one of an estimated four million migrant workers in Thailand, lost his job at a Bangkok toy store when the city went into a coronavirus lockdown.Migrant workers have not only been victims of Covid-19, but spreaders, too, creating a new world of risk for a vulnerable population.Coronavirus Finds Fuel in a World of Migrants', 'Everyone wants to know when we are going to be able to leave our homes and reopen the United States. That’s the wrong way to frame it.Experts offer four benchmarks that can serve as a guide for cities and states, eliminating some of the guesswork.How Will We Know When It’s Time to Reopen the Nation?'], ['The United States Consumer Product Safety Commission is charged with protecting buyers from the dangers of household items, issuing recalls and teaching people how to avoid common, life-threatening emergencies like kitchen fires and ingesting poisonous cleaners.The United States Consumer Product Safety Commission created a coronavirus mascot to help prevent additional emergency room trips.Quinn the Quarantine Fox Wants You to Be Safe at Home', 'One sunny afternoon early in March, I hit the streets of my neighborhood, visiting local businesses. I was hustling up donations for the silent auction fund-raiser at my kids’ elementary school fair. Within the first two blocks, I had already secured half a dozen prizes from business owners.The owners of hair salons, bike shops and delis are stepping up to help their communities, all while wondering if they’ll make it.The Coronavirus Is Showing Us Which Entrepreneurs Matter', 'I couldn’t understand, at first, why I was having such trouble writing. In early March, following the advice of public-health experts, my husband and I had isolated ourselves with his septuagenarian parents, thinking that we could help them. At the end of each quiet day, I sat buzzing with terror but strangely listless, having accomplished very little. Until recently, I traveled a lot for work: Since publishing my first novel, I’ve often been on the road for speaking, teaching and other book-related gigs.“It’s normal and natural to not be able to just go on as usual.”Trouble Focusing? Not Sleeping? You May Be Grieving', 'A few days after losing his job in March, Paul Gentile was throwing away trash outside his Brooklyn apartment building when he noticed a new sign hanging near the front door.Mario Salerno, who has 18 apartment buildings, said he did not want renters to stress about their payment during the coronavirus pandemic.This Brooklyn Landlord Just Canceled Rent for Hundreds of Tenants', 'For nearly 30 years — most of my adult life — I have struggled with depression and anxiety. While I’ve never felt alone in such commonplace afflictions — the family secret everyone shares — I now find I have more fellow sufferers than I could have ever imagined.We are in a dual crisis of physical and mental health. But there are ways to head off breakdowns.When the Pandemic Leaves Us Alone, Anxious and Depressed', 'ALBANY, N.Y. — For Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, it should have been a softball question lobbed from a friendly source.Using flattery and indirect attacks, Gov. Andrew Cuomo has nurtured a working relationship with President Trump.Cuomo Emerges as ‘Trump Whisperer’ During Coronavirus Crisis', 'Louis Johnson, an acclaimed choreographer, dancer and director whose career spanned Broadway, ballet and modern dance, died on March 31 in Manhattan. He was 90.His career spanned Broadway (“Damn Yankees”), film (“The Wiz”), opera (“Aida”) and the stages of the Alvin Ailey and Dance Theater of Harlem companies.Louis Johnson, 90, Genre-Crossing Dancer and Choreographer, Dies', 'To the Editor:The constitutional lawyer Floyd Abrams disagrees with the president’s view of his authority. Another reader says governors are the ones who should be trusted to make decisions about reopening.Trump’s Claim of ‘Total’ Authority Over Reopening', 'The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported on Tuesday that 9,282 health care professionals had contracted the coronavirus in the United States as of April 9 and that 27 had died from it.The agency says the number is likely to grow as more information about patients’ occupational status is made available.C.D.C. Says More Than 9,000 Health Care Workers Have Contracted Coronavirus', 'On a rainy day in November I dropped a postcard into the “international” slot outside the post office in Greymouth, a quiet town on the western coast of New Zealand’s South Island. It was perhaps the most ambitious of the 145 postcards I sent in 2019, not because of its content, but because of how it would test the global postal system.The people I met as the 52 Places Traveler were suddenly just as close as my friends down the street, so I reached out to my global community.Missives From My Locked-Down Friends, From Siberia to Samarkand'], ['Well-organized protests broke out this week against government restrictions on economic activity because of the coronavirus. Polling and organizers’ statements hinted at the reasons for the backlash.What’s Driving the Right-Wing Protesters Fighting the Quarantine?', 'This story was originally published on Jan. 22, 2020 on NYT Parenting.For most women, the visit is routine and uneventful. But recent accusations of sexual misconduct have raised questions about how best to protect patients.Identifying Red Flags at the Ob-Gyn', 'This guide was originally published on Oct. 17, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Stress urinary incontinence may be a side effect of giving birth, but several treatment options can help clear it up.Peeing Your Pants After Pregnancy Is Preventable', 'This guide was originally published on Dec. 10, 2019 in NYT Parenting.If your toddler’s meltdowns are atypically frequent or intense, there might be something more going on.Are My Kid’s Tantrums Abnormal?', 'This article was originally published on January 28, 2020.An illustrated guide to your child’s mysterious skin afflictions.Name That Rash', 'One symptom of the coronavirus pandemic has been an explosion of economic nationalism around the world. Many countries, including the United States and members of the European Union, have erected export controls to prevent scarce goods like protective masks, gowns, gloves, ventilators and testing kits from being sold abroad. And global competition to purchase these goods is playing out like the plot of a bad action movie with accusations that planes full of Europe-bound masks have been diverted at the last minute to the United States. A German official has accused the United States of “modern piracy.”When it comes to crucial medical supplies, cooperation, not competition, will save lives. History shows that it works.This Is Not the Time to Let the Market Decide', 'This briefing has ended. Follow our latest coverage of the coronavirus pandemic.Health, business and political leaders warn against a rush to lift restrictions. New Yorkers will have to wear face coverings in public, and California will extend aid to undocumented workers.Testing Is Biggest Obstacle to Reopening States, Experts Say', ' [Want to get New York Today by email? Here’s the sign-up.]New York and six nearby states have created an alliance to plan for when the coronavirus lockdown eases.Coordination on an Eventual Reopening', 'Want more basketball in your inbox? Sign up for Marc Stein’s weekly N.B.A. newsletter here.In this week’s newsletter, Marc Stein outlines six things to know about the suspended N.B.A. season and discusses ways the league can honor David Stern.What We Know About the N.B.A., and What We Don’t', 'WASHINGTON — Speaker Nancy Pelosi, moving aggressively to scrutinize the Trump administration’s handling of the coronavirus pandemic, said Thursday that she would seek to create a special bipartisan committee to oversee all aspects of the government’s response, including how it distributes more than $2 trillion in emergency aid.Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced she would move to form a special committee to scrutinize the Trump administration’s response, including how more than $2 trillion in federal relief money is being spent.From Afar, Congress Moves to Oversee Trump Coronavirus Response'], ['Fifty years ago, millions of people took to the streets to protest the air and water pollution that were making us sick. Today, millions are sheltering inside to try to stem the spread of a very different kind of sickness, Covid-19.The 1970 gathering ushered in significant achievements in protecting our environment. Now Trump is destroying them.Don’t Celebrate Earth Day. Fight for It.', 'Read the latest developments in the coronavirus outbreak here.Singapore reported a sharp increase in new infections, many of them among migrant laborers. At a long-term care home in Montreal, two nurses, 150 beds and 31 deaths.Britain’s Coronavirus Lockdown Is Extended, and Putin Postpones Military Parade', 'Volunteer virus patrol squads are popping up across India. Neighborhoods are imposing extra rules and sealing themselves off. In rural areas, some carry sticks, sickles and pockets full of nails for puncturing the tires of cars they deem suspicious.The pandemic has reached Afghanistan’s presidential palace. Volunteers are stoking divisions as they tighten India’s lockdown.Chile to Issue Coronavirus ‘Immunity Cards’ to Those Who Recover', '新冠病毒疫情最新消息Nearly 150,000 people with the virus have died. A dispute over coronavirus measures in Sudan’s capital has prompted fears that the military would use a lockdown to seize power.W.H.O. Failed to Tell Syrian Kurds of Their First Coronavirus Death: Live Coverage', 'In Italy, the pandemic hit the wealthy north first and hardest, but the poorer south is also suffering deeply, amid fears that things there could get much worse.In southern Italy, the pandemic is choking an already fragile economy. Protests erupt in Lebanon.Coronavirus World Updates: U.N. Warns World Hunger Could Double as Global Economy Crashes', 'A few weeks ago, as the president received some of the highest marks of his presidency, we wrote about a “Trump bump.”What happened to President Trump’s approval ratings?Trump Exceptionalism', 'To the Editor:Readers discuss whether it’s time to begin lifting the coronavirus restrictions, and the president’s encouragement of right-wing protests.The ‘Open the Country’ Protesters', 'Sometimes people ask me what it takes to be a writer. The only things you have to do, I tell them, are read constantly; write for thousands of hours; and have the masochistic ability to absorb a great deal of rejection and isolation. As it turns out, these qualities have prepared me well to deal with life in the time of the coronavirus.Covid-19 is killing off the myth that we are the greatest country on earth.The Ideas That Won’t Survive the Coronavirus', 'The coronavirus has not yet exploded in the developing world, but poor countries are already suffering from the pandemic. Their economies have been battered by lockdowns, falling commodity prices, declining remittances, and unprecedented capital flight. Some $100 billion has fled emerging markets since January, five times more than in the 2008 crash.Poor countries are going to be decimated by the coronavirus. They need a serious rescue package.The World Has a $2.5 Trillion Problem. Here’s How to Solve It.', 'President Trump said on Monday that he intended to close the United States to people trying to immigrate into the country to live and work, a drastic move that he said would protect American workers from foreign competition once the nation’s economy began to recover from the shutdown caused by the coronavirus outbreak.South Carolina eases some lockdown restrictions, and Georgia and Tennessee will follow suit. Cases at an Ohio prison surge, and oil prices plummet.Trump Says He Will Halt Immigration; States Start to Reopen Businesses'], ['This guide was originally published on July 1, 2019.If you had an uncomplicated delivery, you can get back out there sooner than you might think.How to Start Exercising After Giving Birth', 'Many Canadians, me included, were shocked this week as harrowing details mounted about Montreal’s Résidence Herron nursing home: Medical staff who had abandoned hungry and desperately ill patients. An owner with a long criminal history. Thirty-one dead in less than one month — five from confirmed cases of coronavirus.About half the people killed by the coronavirus in Canada have been residents of nursing homes.How Can It Happen Here? The Shocking Deaths in Canada’s Long-Term Care Homes', 'This guide was originally published on Oct. 8, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Here’s a primer on how to conceive, whatever your sexual orientation, gender identity or relationship status.Your Guide to Fertility and Getting Pregnant', 'SAN FRANCISCO — California has been ahead of the rest of America in confronting the coronavirus pandemic, locking down its citizens early and avoiding, so far, the worst-case scenarios predicted for infections and deaths.A state once considered one of the most vulnerable to coronavirus infections has kept deaths comparatively low, and is cautiously looking at next steps.California Set the Tone on Coronavirus Shutdowns. What’s Its Next Move?', '(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.) Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.Coronavirus, Michigan, Lady Gaga: Your Friday Evening Briefing', 'Even before a single resident tested positive for the coronavirus at a nursing home in Richmond, Va., staff members were worried. Triple rooms were not uncommon. Supplies were hard to come by. And there were not enough nurses for all the aging patients inside.The outbreak in Richmond has become the deadliest linked so far to a U.S. long-term care facility.Coronavirus Outbreak at Virginia Nursing Home Spirals Out of Control as 45 Die', 'If Jill Wyeth Moss had her pick of apartments, she might not have chosen the ground-floor studio she has lived in since 2015. But the apartment, in the Pelham Parkway neighborhood of the Bronx, offered something that appealed to Ms. Moss, a 27-year-old artist and City College student, far more than amazing light or period details: It gave her financial and artistic freedom.In exchange for serving as the unofficial superintendents of the three-unit house, they get the garden studio apartment.Two Artists, Living Rent-Free in the Bronx', 'BEIRUT, Lebanon — For years, she was a rare princess from Saudi Arabia who spoke her mind to the world, criticizing the kingdom’s treatment of women, calling its religious teachings “extremely dangerous” and voicing support for a constitutional monarchy.The detentions of a prince and princess add to the tally of royals who have been locked up during the rise of the kingdom’s powerful crown prince.After a Year of Silence, a Jailed Saudi Princess Appeals for Help', 'LOGUMKLOSTER, Denmark — The cluster of red brick buildings in a remote part of southern Denmark looks unremarkable from the outside, but this week, its classrooms housed some of the rarest people during the pandemic in today’s Europe.Danish elementary schools have become the first in Europe to reopen after shutting down for the coronavirus. Our reporter visited one in southern Denmark, which could become a template for a post-lockdown world.In Denmark, the Rarest of Sights: Classrooms Full of Students', 'WASHINGTON — Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and top Democrats negotiated on Friday to break an impasse over replenishing a stimulus program to help small businesses weather the coronavirus pandemic, even as some Republicans privately worried that Mr. Mnuchin would concede too much in his zeal to unfreeze a critical aid initiative.Unhappy with the Treasury secretary’s willingness to offer concessions to Democrats in previous stimulus negotiations, Republicans are warily watching the talks over replenishing a small-business loan program.Republicans Fret as Mnuchin Bargains With Democrats to Break Funding Impasse'], ['WASHINGTON — Walter Isenberg is the sort of business owner President Trump has in mind when he talks about the need to start lifting coronavirus lockdowns and reopen the American economy. Mr. Isenberg’s hotel and restaurant group in Denver has seen its revenues drop from $3 million a day last year to $40,000 a day now.President Trump has predicted an economic boom once stay-at-home and other restrictions are lifted. But economic activity is likely to remain subdued until the threat of the coronavirus recedes.Economic Pain Will Persist Long After Lockdowns End', 'President Trump on Sunday said the administration was preparing to use the Defense Production Act to compel an unspecified U.S. facility to increase production of test swabs by over 20 million per month.Governors say reopening their economies must be linked with wider testing for the virus but they continue to face shortages of supplies and testing kits.Trump, Facing Criticism, Says He Will Increase Swab Production', 'ISTANBUL — For weeks President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has presented Turkey’s performance in handling the coronavirus as one of the world’s most successful, as he maintained strict control over information about the outbreak.Istanbul recorded 2,100 more deaths over recent years between March and April, The Times found, suggesting a hidden toll.Istanbul Death Toll Hints Turkey Is Hiding a Wider Coronavirus Calamity', 'First he was the self-described “wartime president.” Then he trumpeted the “total” authority of the federal government. But in the past few days, President Trump has nurtured protests against state-issued stay-at-home orders aimed at curtailing the spread of the coronavirus.With his poll numbers fading after a rally-around-the-leader bump, the president is stoking protests against stay-at-home orders.Trump, Head of Government, Leans Into Antigovernment Message', 'Of the many heartbreaking stories I’ve read or heard during this ghastly pandemic, one stands out as especially distressing, almost criminal. The headline, on Page 1 of The Times on April 12, read: “Empty Shelves, But Farms Put Food to Waste — Milk, Eggs and Produce Buried and Dumped.”Improving our metabolic health could help ward off future medical, economic and social calamities from whatever pathogen next comes down the pike.How Poor Diet Contributes to Coronavirus Risk', 'Natural wine is healthy and pure; natural wine is wretched and horrible. It’s the future of wine; it’s the death of wine.The wine industry and many consumers have long sought a definition, but the adoption of a voluntary charter may not clarify anything.France Defines Natural Wine, but Is That Enough?', 'To the Editor:Doctors discuss the pressing need for a reallocation system among hospitals. Also: Children and screens; the youth vote in November.Managing Patient Load', 'This briefing has ended. Follow our live global coverage on the coronavirus epidemic.The United States, citing the virus, vowed to issue visa penalties for countries that refuse to accept people it wants to deport. Moscow’s hospitals have been pushed to their limits.Coronavirus Caseload Tops 1.6 Million, as Countries Greet Easter Weekend with Lockdowns', 'With fabric stores closed for the pandemic, crafty consumers have begun scavenging around the house for potential materials to make their own masks. What about using denim jeans? Or bras?More researchers are studying everyday materials for homemade masks. Here are the latest findings.Can You Make a Mask Out of Jeans? Bra Pads? Reusable Grocery Bags?', 'Mobilizing to confront the pandemic and, eventually, to reconstruct the shattered economy, requires not only medical and economic expertise but also moral and political renewal. We need to ask a basic question that we have evaded over these last decades: What do we owe one another as citizens?The pandemic has helpfully scrambled how we value everyone’s economic and social roles.Are We All in This Together?'], ['(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here’s what you need to know.Coronavirus, Tornadoes, N.F.L. Draft: Your Thursday Briefing', 'Harvard University announced Wednesday that it would not accept $8.6 million in taxpayer money that the university was set to receive as part of an emergency relief package for higher education, whose losses have been mounting during the coronavirus pandemic.The university said it did not request $8.6 million in federal aid and would not apply for it.After Trump’s Criticism, Harvard Turns Down Federal Relief Money', 'Two Tennessee brothers who stockpiled 17,700 bottles of hand sanitizer have avoided prosecution and a fine, but won’t recoup the thousands of dollars they spent on the supplies under the terms of a price-gouging settlement that the state attorney general announced this week.Matt and Noah Colvin reached a settlement this week with the state attorney general in the widely publicized price-gouging case.Tennessee Brothers Who Hoarded Hand Sanitizer Settle to Avoid Price-Gouging Fine', 'In any other year, N.F.L. facilities across the country would be buzzing this week, when teams are allowed to begin their off-season workout programs, the first organized football activities since they ended the prior season.This week, some N.F.L. teams will have their first organized football activities, even as coronavirus guidelines keep personnel away from team facilities.The N.F.L. Figures Out How to Team-Build From a Distance', 'As coronavirus continues its spread across borders, oceans and continents, there is a perplexing piece of data that has so far evaded a proper explanation: It’s still early, but in almost every country that we have numbers for, more men than women are dying from the virus.The disproportionate toll this virus is taking on males isn’t an anomaly. When it comes to survival, men are the weaker sex.Why Are So Many More Men Dying from Coronavirus?', 'This briefing has ended. Follow our live national updates and global coverage on the coronavirus epidemic.The virus is sickening workers at chicken and beef processing plants, and 799 New Yorkers were killed — a single-day record for the state.Jobless Claims Surpass 16 Million; Aid Package Stalls in Senate', 'Since the election of Donald Trump, the American media has become invested in the idea that the modern information landscape is defined by a great struggle between truth and falsehood, facts and misinformation, the real news and the fake. In this drama, there are enemies of truth, and then there is a besieged edifice of expertise, which needs to reclaim ground — whether via better fact-checks or better Facebook regulations — that’s been lost to trolls, populists and scam artists.In a pandemic, it’s not just truth against misinformation. Every choice is an experiment.In the Fog of Coronavirus, There Are No Experts', 'I vividly remember conducting a phone interview from my office late one evening when my children were young. I could hear as the person I was speaking to turned on a kitchen sink, opened their refrigerator, and clinked bowls and dishes as they made dinner. My heart ached. Why couldn’t I be at home with my family, too?The obsession with office “face time” hurts women. When the coronavirus pandemic is behind us, let’s not return to it.What Moms Always Knew About Working From Home', 'Since the early days of the Trump administration, an impassioned group of mental health professionals have warned the public about the president’s cramped and disordered mind, a darkened attic of fluttering bats. Their assessments have been controversial. The American Psychiatric Association’s code of ethics expressly forbids its members from diagnosing a public figure from afar.Trump’s catastrophic performance has as much to do with psychology as ideology.This Is What Happens When a Narcissist Runs a Crisis', ' [Want to get New York Today by email? Here’s the sign-up.]Deaths from the coronavirus spiked to new highs in both New York and New Jersey on Wednesday.Record Virus Deaths for a Second Day'], ['This story was originally published on April 23, 2019 on NYT Parenting.Use our developmental milestones to learn what most kids can do as they grow.Your 3-Month-Old', 'This story was originally published on April 22, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Use our developmental milestones to learn what most kids can do as they grow.Your 1-Year-Old', 'The Wisconsin spring elections were less than a week away, and with the state’s coronavirus death toll mounting, Democrats were challenging Republican plans to hold the vote as scheduled.The state’s final vote tallies show that the justices’ decision not to extend the mail voting deadline amid the coronavirus resulted in the disenfranchisement of thousands of voters.How a Supreme Court Decision Curtailed the Right to Vote in Wisconsin', 'As the first shelter-in-place orders were spreading across the country, a popular tweet was going around: “Wear jeans for an hour or two in your house every day. You don’t want to get three or four weeks from now and go to put them on and have it be an absolute crisis.”If the coronavirus has busted your diet — and you’ve busted out the fat pants — here are some tips to get back on track.Eating Is Weird Now. Here’s How to (Kind of) Get Back to Normal.', 'President Trump said on Monday that he intended to close the United States to people trying to immigrate into the country to live and work, a drastic move that he said would protect American workers from foreign competition once the nation’s economy began to recover from the shutdown caused by the coronavirus outbreak.South Carolina eases some lockdown restrictions, and Georgia and Tennessee will follow suit. Cases at an Ohio prison surge, and oil prices plummet.Trump Says He Will Halt Immigration; States Start to Reopen Businesses', 'A few weeks ago, as the president received some of the highest marks of his presidency, we wrote about a “Trump bump.”What happened to President Trump’s approval ratings?Trump Exceptionalism', 'To the Editor:Readers discuss whether it’s time to begin lifting the coronavirus restrictions, and the president’s encouragement of right-wing protests.The ‘Open the Country’ Protesters', 'WASHINGTON — Walter Isenberg is the sort of business owner President Trump has in mind when he talks about the need to start lifting coronavirus lockdowns and reopen the American economy. Mr. Isenberg’s hotel and restaurant group in Denver has seen its revenues drop from $3 million a day last year to $40,000 a day now.President Trump has predicted an economic boom once stay-at-home and other restrictions are lifted. But economic activity is likely to remain subdued until the threat of the coronavirus recedes.Economic Pain Will Persist Long After Lockdowns End', 'President Trump on Sunday said the administration was preparing to use the Defense Production Act to compel an unspecified U.S. facility to increase production of test swabs by over 20 million per month.Governors say reopening their economies must be linked with wider testing for the virus but they continue to face shortages of supplies and testing kits.Trump, Facing Criticism, Says He Will Increase Swab Production', 'Sometimes people ask me what it takes to be a writer. The only things you have to do, I tell them, are read constantly; write for thousands of hours; and have the masochistic ability to absorb a great deal of rejection and isolation. As it turns out, these qualities have prepared me well to deal with life in the time of the coronavirus.Covid-19 is killing off the myth that we are the greatest country on earth.The Ideas That Won’t Survive the Coronavirus'], ['The coronavirus has not yet exploded in the developing world, but poor countries are already suffering from the pandemic. Their economies have been battered by lockdowns, falling commodity prices, declining remittances, and unprecedented capital flight. Some $100 billion has fled emerging markets since January, five times more than in the 2008 crash.Poor countries are going to be decimated by the coronavirus. They need a serious rescue package.The World Has a $2.5 Trillion Problem. Here’s How to Solve It.', 'New York City, already a world epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, sharply increased its death toll by more than 3,700 victims on Tuesday, after officials said they were now including people who had never tested positive for the virus but were presumed to have died of it.The city has added more than 3,700 additional people who were presumed to have died of the coronavirus but had never tested positive.N.Y.C. Death Toll Soars Past 10,000 in Revised Virus Count', 'In the last Democratic debate, Joe Biden declared that he would nominate a woman as his vice-presidential running mate. That felt right at the time. But times have changed. Biden needs to go much, much further: At the Democratic convention he needs to name not just his vice president, but his entire cabinet. And it needs to be a totally different kind of cabinet — a national unity cabinet — from Democrats on the Bernie Sanders left to Republicans on the Mitt Romney right. Why?We need a political system that mirrors the best in us.What America Needs Next: A Biden National Unity Cabinet', 'How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?Weekly News Quiz for Students: U.S. Funding Halt, SAT Exams, Global Concert', 'HONG KONG — The images looked benign: a hand dangling chopsticks over a bowl of soup, a young man giving a thumbs up, a woman reclining in a bed at Ikea.Hong Kong’s bracelets seem to obliterate the temptation to go outside, even if they appear to be just a simple piece of paper.14 Days With a Quarantine Tracker Wristband: Does It Even Work?', ' [Want to get New York Today by email? Here’s the sign-up.]Fewer than 500 died of the coronavirus in New York State, the lowest single-day toll in more than two weeks.Coronavirus in N.Y.C.: Latest Updates', 'Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device:Via Apple Podcasts | Via Spotify | Via StitcherAmid the coronavirus crisis, the congresswoman believes progressive policies are a matter of life and death. Here’s why she says there is still room for hope in a “harm reduction” election.Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez on Progressivism and the Pandemic', 'Anjali Sud has never been busier. As the chief executive of Vimeo — a video-streaming platform with 175 million registered users —\xa0Ms. Sud is dealing with swelling traffic as the world, sheltering in place, looks for virtual connections.From her parents’ home, Vimeo’s Anjali Sud oversees 600 employees and surging demand for feeds of documentaries, yoga classes and funerals.The Pandemic Work Diary of a Video-Streaming C.E.O.', "(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here's what you need to know.Coronavirus, Antibody Tests, Nova Scotia: Your Monday Briefing", '[This article was originally published on May 29, 2019, on NYT Parenting.]Pediatricians say it’s essential. But is it?The Truth About Tummy Time'], ['At a pub in London last month, shortly before Britain ordered its citizens to stay home, a small group of life savers shared drinks. It included Rebecca Shipley, a professor of health care engineering at University College London, her U.C.L. colleague, Tim Baker, a former racecar engineer, and some intensive care unit physicians.Formula One teams are producing CPAP machines for patients, while several sporting goods businesses are making personal protective equipment for health care workers.With Games Paused, Sports Companies Shift to Making Medical Supplies', 'There is no proof that any drug can cure or prevent infection with the coronavirus. But in the face of an exploding pandemic with a frightening death toll, people are desperate for a bit of hope, a chance to believe there is something that will help.Here are the facts on hydroxychloroquine, which the president has promoted despite little evidence that it works against the coronavirus.7 Answers to Questions About the Malaria Drug Trump Keeps Pushing', 'This briefing has ended. Read our global live coverage on the coronavirus pandemic here.Florida’s governor belatedly directed residents to stay home, but only after a call with President Trump. States raised new concerns about medical supplies, and fears grew about a prolonged global downturn.Coronavirus Spreads Amid Supply Shortages, Stay-at-Home Orders and Sobering Economics', ' [Want to get New York Today by email? Here’s the sign-up.]New York, New Jersey and Connecticut see single-day spikes in deaths from the coronavirus, and even those may represent undercounts as more die at home.Coronavirus in N.Y.C.: Latest Updates', 'Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.Service journalism has become an important part of The Times’s coverage of the pandemic. The editors coordinating that effort are doing so from home.They Think of Your Coronavirus Questions, Then Search for the Answers', 'This article is part of David Leonhardt’s newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it each weekday.While the virus has our attention …Trump’s Power Play', 'With many stuck at home during the pandemic, Americans have been spending more of their lives online. This is how our habits have changed.With many stuck at home during the pandemic, Americans have been spending more of their lives online. This is how our habits have changed.The Virus Changed the Way We Internet', 'Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device:Via Apple Podcasts | Via Spotify | Via StitcherVoters are facing a choice even before they see the ballot: whether to protect their health, or to exercise their civic duty.Wisconsin’s Pandemic Primary', 'Want more basketball in your inbox? Sign up for Marc Stein’s weekly N.B.A. newsletter here.In this week’s newsletter, Marc Stein explores why some of the league’s biggest stars can’t just wait until next year to try to win a championship.The N.B.A. Should Crown a Champion. But Will the Title Count?', 'The Ultimate Fighting Championship plans to hold a pay-per-view event on tribal land in Central California this month, an attempted end run around widespread federal and state guidelines against holding large gatherings during the coronavirus pandemic, according to three people familiar with the decision.The move for a card that includes a highly anticipated fight involving Tony Ferguson is an end run around state regulators and nationwide public health guidelines.U.F.C. 249, Skirting Coronavirus Limits, Is Set for Tribal Land in California'], ['Germany is ahead of the curve. While other European soccer leagues are engulfed in uncertainty and damaging pay disputes between clubs and player unions, in Germany there is order and a cleareyed strategy to restart its league, which like others around the world was brought to a halt by the coronavirus outbreak.With players back practicing, the Bundesliga is set to become the first of Europe’s major leagues to return to action, with plans for spectator-free games starting in early May.Germany Prepares for Soccer’s Return', '[This briefing has ended. For the latest updates on the coronavirus outbreak in the New York area, read Thursday’s live coverage.]There were 779 virus-related deaths in the state in the past 24 hours, Governor Cuomo said. It was the highest one-day total yet.Bleak Records in N.Y. and N.J., but Leaders See Coronavirus Curve Flattening', 'When Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo called for medical workers around the country to come to New York last month and join the fight against the coronavirus, Bevin Strickland was ready to help.When New York called for volunteers to help fight the coronavirus, 90,000 people responded. The hard part? Getting them into hospitals.Volunteers Rushed to Help New York Hospitals. They Found a Bottleneck.', 'NILIN, West Bank — Jalal Zuhair Mansour supports his wife and four children on the $2,800 a month he is paid as a maintenance man for a Tel Aviv housing complex. But on Tuesday, after a few weeks in an apartment his boss lent him because of an Israeli ban on commuting from the West Bank, he called it quits and journeyed home to Beitunia, on the outskirts of Ramallah.Workers returning to the West Bank from Israel have been a source of many infections, adding to tensions between age-old antagonists.Palestinians Fear a Coming Coronavirus Storm', 'Please note: This post is part of The Learning Network’s ongoing Current Events Conversation feature. We invite students to react to the news via our daily writing prompts and, each week, we publish a selection of their comments.Teenage comments in response to our recent writing prompts, and an invitation to join the ongoing conversation.What Students Are Saying About Remote Learning', 'The economic toll of the coronavirus outbreak in the U.S. is mounting even faster than the case counts: Another 6.6 million people filed new claims for unemployment benefits last week. That puts the total for the three weeks of widespread shutdowns above 16 million — almost twice the net job losses for the entire 2007-9 recession.Another 6.6 million people filed new claims for unemployment benefits last week, as new potential hot spots emerged.Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today', 'Hi. Welcome to On Politics, your guide to the day in national politics. I’m Reid Epstein, filling in for Lisa today.We spent a lot of time covering the candidates’ ups and downs in Iowa. Almost none of it mattered.Iowa Was Meaningless', 'LONDON — By Saturday afternoon, after three weeks of impasse, after hearing their morals questioned by politicians and witnessing their clubs start to line up for government bailouts, the players of the Premier League decided to take matters into their own hands.For three weeks, the world’s richest soccer league has been consumed by a debate over whether players, or clubs, should bear the cost of the coronavirus crisis. It has turned so toxic the schism may be hard to heal.Premier League Clubs and Players Are at War. Both Are Losing.', 'Long before he began feeding his obsession and even found himself sitting next to its hosts, Rui Hachimura didn’t understand all the fuss about the Japanese reality television show “Terrace House.” His high school teammates in Japan had tried hard to get him on board.Rui Hachimura, a Washington Wizards forward, has found comfort and meaning in the hit Japanese reality show “Terrace House.”For This N.B.A. Rookie, Reality TV Is an Escape That Feels Like Home', 'When it became clear last month that former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. would almost certainly win the Democratic nomination, many of the progressive Democrats who supported other presidential candidates were disappointed but not deterred. They quickly shifted their electoral focus to candidates lower on the ballot.After a disappointing turn in the presidential race, grass-roots progressive groups focused on congressional races and down-ballot campaigns. In weeks, the coronavirus has destroyed their plans.Progressives Built an Organizing Juggernaut for 2020. Then the Virus Hit.'], ['This article is part of the On Tech newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it weekdays.The website’s features can lead people unwittingly to scary places.Take YouTube’s Dangers Seriously', 'First he was the self-described “wartime president.” Then he trumpeted the “total” authority of the federal government. But in the past few days, President Trump has nurtured protests against state-issued stay-at-home orders aimed at curtailing the spread of the coronavirus.With his poll numbers fading after a rally-around-the-leader bump, the president is stoking protests against stay-at-home orders.Trump, Head of Government, Leans Into Antigovernment Message', 'Taryn Harvey moved to New York City in January, hoping to break into the city’s competitive modeling market after working in Toronto (her hometown) and Cape Town. It took her three years to secure a work visa for the move, she said.A new survey reveals the financial concerns weighing on out-of-work models. Models of color are feeling especially vulnerable.The State of Fashion Models in a Pandemic', 'Mobilizing to confront the pandemic and, eventually, to reconstruct the shattered economy, requires not only medical and economic expertise but also moral and political renewal. We need to ask a basic question that we have evaded over these last decades: What do we owe one another as citizens?The pandemic has helpfully scrambled how we value everyone’s economic and social roles.Are We All in This Together?', 'The white, long-sleeve T-shirt was retailing for $60.An art director for the yoga retailer shared a link on his personal Instagram account, prompting waves of condemnation.Lululemon Fires Employee Over ‘Bat Fried Rice’ Shirt', 'The list of supplies needed to rob and blow up the pharmacist’s competition was tucked in a black leather-bound notebook, prosecutors say: face masks, duffel bags, a rental car, a canister of gasoline and at least four firearms.Hyrum T. Wilson of Auburn, Neb., conspired with a drug dealer to rob, then destroy a competitor’s pharmacy, according to federal prosecutors.Pharmacist Arrested in Plot to Firebomb a Rival to Sell More Drugs on the Dark Web', 'Florida officials, desperate to find N95 masks to protect health care workers from the coronavirus, arranged a deal last month from an unusual source: Daymond John, a star of the reality show “Shark Tank” and a founder of the street wear company Fubu.The company that makes the masks, 3M, said Daymond John’s firm The Shark Group was not an authorized distributor and appeared to have been selling them at an inflated price.Company Questions Deal by ‘Shark Tank’ Star to Sell N95 Masks to Florida', 'Fifty years ago, millions of people took to the streets to protest the air and water pollution that were making us sick. Today, millions are sheltering inside to try to stem the spread of a very different kind of sickness, Covid-19.The 1970 gathering ushered in significant achievements in protecting our environment. Now Trump is destroying them.Don’t Celebrate Earth Day. Fight for It.', 'Marina Tarasova and John Levy were five months into the renovation of their two-bedroom co-op on the Upper East Side — contractor willing, just three months to go! — when word came from the co-op’s management company in mid-March that all construction and renovation projects would have to stop because of the coronavirus. With most construction projects deemed nonessential during the pandemic, apartment renovations have been frozen in a messy limbo.Renovation, Interrupted', 'Activists and scientists worldwide, mostly prevented from demonstrating publicly because of the coronavirus pandemic, marked the 50th anniversary of Earth Day with online events on Wednesday, and their message was largely one of warning: When this health crisis passes, world leaders must rebuild the global economy on a healthier, more sustainable track.Activists and scientists called on world leaders to shift the global economy onto a healthier, more sustainable track.Earth Day Message to Leaders: After Coronavirus, Rebuild Wisely'], ['Vermont Polls: Who Different Groups Supported', 'Good morning.Monday: Officials in a California ski town worry about its role as an escape.Why Mammoth Lakes Is Turning Away Visitors', 'The recent misfortune of American businesses — many of which are struggling to raise cash to stay afloat — is creating new moneymaking opportunities for hedge funds and private equity firms, big investors that have been relatively unscathed by the pandemic.Hedge funds and private equity firms are plotting to lend to companies struggling with the fallout from the pandemic, or even buy stakes in them.Some Big Investors Smell Profit in Virus-Plagued Companies', ' [Want to get New York Today by email? Here’s the sign-up.]New York, New Jersey and Connecticut see single-day spikes in deaths from the coronavirus, and even those may represent undercounts as more die at home.Coronavirus in N.Y.C.: Latest Updates', 'Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.Service journalism has become an important part of The Times’s coverage of the pandemic. The editors coordinating that effort are doing so from home.They Think of Your Coronavirus Questions, Then Search for the Answers', 'With many stuck at home during the pandemic, Americans have been spending more of their lives online. This is how our habits have changed.With many stuck at home during the pandemic, Americans have been spending more of their lives online. This is how our habits have changed.The Virus Changed the Way We Internet', 'LONDON — A few weeks ago, Kate Sellars was organizing a James Bond getaway for her wealthy clients, in which they would have been flown by helicopter to Monte Carlo for a preview of the latest Bond movie, a glittering party with cast members and, for each guest, an Aston Martin gassed up and ready to drive.More than 750,000 people are pitching in to help older and more vulnerable Britons, helping dispel the discord of the Brexit era.To Fight Coronavirus, U.K. Asked for Some Volunteers. It Got an Army.', 'A crew member aboard the Navy hospital ship U.S.N.S. Comfort tested positive for the coronavirus, and several others have gone into isolation, the Navy said on Tuesday, the latest setback in the ship’s troubled mission to New York to assist in the response to the pandemic.The news was the latest setback in the ship’s troubled mission to New York.Crew Member Aboard U.S.N.S. Comfort Is Infected With Coronavirus', 'Since the early days of the Trump administration, an impassioned group of mental health professionals have warned the public about the president’s cramped and disordered mind, a darkened attic of fluttering bats. Their assessments have been controversial. The American Psychiatric Association’s code of ethics expressly forbids its members from diagnosing a public figure from afar.Trump’s catastrophic performance has as much to do with psychology as ideology.This Is What Happens When a Narcissist Runs a Crisis', ' [Want to get New York Today by email? Here’s the sign-up.]Deaths from the coronavirus spiked to new highs in both New York and New Jersey on Wednesday.Record Virus Deaths for a Second Day'], ['BASSFIELD, Miss. — Like most Americans, Mamie Harper and her husband had tucked themselves away at home in an effort to keep the coronavirus at bay. On Easter Sunday, they listened to an audio feed of their church service while huddled indoors.The storm carved a destructive path across six states on Sunday and Monday, causing widespread damage and cutting power to tens of thousands of customers.Dozens Are Killed as Tornadoes and Severe Weather Strike Southern States', 'WASHINGTON — President Trump turned Monday’s daily coronavirus task force briefing into an aggressive defense of his own halting response to the pandemic and used a campaign-style video to denounce criticism that he moved too slowly to limit the deadly spread of the virus.Also at the briefing on Monday, Dr. Anthony Fauci said a comment he made that was seen as critical of the president was taken out of context, and Mr. Trump said he did not intend to fire him.Trump Turns Daily Coronavirus Briefing Into a Defense of His Record', 'BANGKOK — As China was stricken by the coronavirus in late February, its foreign minister addressed a concerned crowd in Laos, where farmers and fishers across the Mekong River region were contending with the worst drought in living memory.New research show that Beijing’s engineers appear to have directly caused the record low levels of water in Thailand, Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam.China Limited the Mekong’s Flow. Other Countries Suffered a Drought.', 'Hundreds of companies across the United States are reinventing themselves to make equipment that is desperately needed to treat the coronavirus. That so many American manufacturers are rising to meet this pandemic with little coordination from the federal government reveals a deep altruism in our national character.The president has promoted himself as a champion of American manufacturing, but now he avoids addressing its shortcomings.Why Can’t America Make Enough Masks or Ventilators?', 'CHAPEL HILL, N.C. — When Bill Smith moved here in the late 1960s, he couldn’t find corned ham, a staple in New Bern, the coastal town where he grew up.Holidays bring a hankering for a traditional dish that the chef Bill Smith has devoted himself to making popular again.The Lure and Lore of Corned Ham, a Salty Slice of North Carolina', 'ALBANY, N.Y. — For Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, it should have been a softball question lobbed from a friendly source.Using flattery and indirect attacks, Gov. Andrew Cuomo has nurtured a working relationship with President Trump.Cuomo Emerges as ‘Trump Whisperer’ During Coronavirus Crisis', 'Kim Jiyoung, the exceptionally average protagonist of Cho Nam-Joo’s novel, is 33, living on the outskirts of Seoul with her husband and infant daughter. She is exhausted by the monotony of cooking, cleaning and child-rearing, and vaguely resentful that she gave up her job at a marketing agency.“Kim Jiyoung, Born 1982,” a surprise hit when it was published, ignited what Cho Nam-Joo called “a public debate” around gender and inequality.The Heroine of This Korean Best Seller Is Extremely Ordinary. That’s the Point.', 'The progressive wing of the Democratic Party fell flat in this year’s presidential primary, and Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez knows it.In an interview, Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said she intended to support the presumptive Democratic nominee, but the “process of coming together should be uncomfortable for everyone involved.”Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Has Never Spoken to Joe Biden. Here’s What She Would Say.', ' If you couldn’t join us for the DealBook Debrief call with Tom Friedman yesterday, the highlights are at the bottom of the email and the full recording is here. Skip to 9:00 to hear Tom sing a gospel song — we covered a lot of ground in the call. (Want this in your inbox each morning? Sign up here.)The markets are abuzz about early data from a trial of an antiviral drug, as President Trump unveils guidelines for restarting the U.S. economy.A Prescription for Reviving the Economy', 'We have never experienced a lockdown like this. Public and personal spaces have been transformed almost overnight. With so many new rules to follow, it’s understandable to feel destabilized. But we should still strive to be our best selves as we go about our day.Tips on etiquette as we all learn how to stay distant but kind.How to Navigate Public Spaces and More'], ['One out of every six New York City police officers is out sick or in quarantine. A veteran detective and seven civilian workers have died from the disease caused by the coronavirus. And two chiefs and the deputy commissioner in charge of counterterrorism are among more than 1,500 others in the department who have been infected.“It’s a worst-case scenario across the board,” one sergeant said. The virus has strained the Police Department even as it has been asked to help enforce rules to slow its spread.Virus’s Toll on N.Y. Police: 1 in 6 Officers Is Out Sick', 'Rachael Ray, Blue Apron and Michael Pollan all tried in their own ways. But Covid-19 has done what none of them could do.People are finally cooking more.How Covid-19 Is Making Millions of Americans Healthier', 'LONDON — The two Chinese companies were offering a risky proposition: two million home test kits said to detect antibodies for the coronavirus for at least $20 million, take it or leave it.Facing a global scramble for materials, British officials bought millions of unproven kits from China in a gamble that became an embarrassment.U.K. Paid $20 Million for New Coronavirus Tests. They Didn’t Work.', 'As the coronavirus outbreak took hold in America last month, volunteers in San Francisco and New York sprang to action to feed overwhelmed health care workers and help struggling local restaurant workers.In response to the coronavirus outbreak, World Central Kitchen and fellow initiatives tap into the struggling restaurant industry to provide nourishment.Feeding Essential Workers, and Putting Restaurants Back to Work', 'LONDON — Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s life has always had a you-can’t-make-this-up quality to it, never more so than this month, when he went from desperate coronavirus patient, kept alive by oxygen, to the proud father of a baby boy — his fifth, sixth or seventh child, depending on who’s counting.The birth of a son follows a sweeping election win, a divorce, an engagement, Brexit and a life-threatening illness during a pandemic.For Boris Johnson, a Baby Amid a Dizzying Year of Peaks and Valleys', 'EGG HARBOR, N.J. — Jean Wickham’s two sons are in college. Her husband has worked at the same New Jersey casino for 36 years.“We’ve never had to rely on anyone else,” said one food bank visitor. But now, pushed to the edge of hunger, many unemployed New Jersey residents are asking for help for the first time.Food Lines a Mile Long in America’s Second-Wealthiest State', 'The New York Times has made a free e-book with answers your coronavirus questions. It features more than two dozen chapters on how you can reduce your risk, what you can do to protect others, what scientists have learned, what to do if you’re worried about the stock market and more. You can download it on Apple Books and elsewhere. Below is an excerpt.Seasonal allergy symptoms differ from those caused by viral infections like influenza or the coronavirus.Your Nose Itches. Is It Allergies, Flu or the Coronavirus?', 'As we enter April, caring for those sick with Covid-19 and preventing others from becoming so remains the priority in New York City, as in the rest of the country. But how can we look out for others particularly affected by the crisis? Citywide closures of nonessential services have devastated the arts at every level: Exhibition and performance spaces have shuttered indefinitely, and thousands of New Yorkers working in creative industries, many of them freelancers, have seen their livelihoods disappear with no assurances about when they’ll be able to work again. Many of these people also work in bars and restaurants, the closures of which threaten to change the face of the industry forever — the longer a restaurant stays closed, restaurateurs will tell you, the harder it will be to reopen.With exhibition and performance spaces shuttered, artists are relying on the generosity of patrons.Where to Donate to Bolster a Quieted Arts Scene', 'Starry (and often epically long) concerts are a Metropolitan Opera stock in trade.More than 40 artists will participate in the April 25 event, which comes as the company faces up to $60 million in losses because of the coronavirus pandemic.Shut by Virus, Met Opera Announces Starry ‘At Home’ Concert', 'A large group of comic book creators are banding together to help support comic book retailers whose business have been disrupted by the coronavirus pandemic.A large group of comic book creators will be using Twitter to auction books, art and more to benefit stores upended by the coronavirus pandemic.Comic Creators Unite to Benefit Stores'], ['Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and President Trump had a heated public exchange over federal aid to New York on Friday, using their favored communication channels: Mr. Cuomo’s daily briefing and Mr. Trump’s Twitter account.The governor and the president got into a public war of words over virus projections, federal aid and testing capacity.Cuomo and Trump Spar Over Coronavirus Aid to New York', 'FRANKFURT — European car sales went over a cliff in March, falling to their lowest level in at least 30 years, according to data published Friday that provided one of the first concrete indications of the economic damage caused by coronavirus lockdowns.Some automakers plan to restart factories on Monday, but are likely to face a dearth of buyers.European Car Sales Fall the Most in Decades, Signaling Slump', 'Well-organized protests broke out this week against government restrictions on economic activity because of the coronavirus. Polling and organizers’ statements hinted at the reasons for the backlash.What’s Driving the Right-Wing Protesters Fighting the Quarantine?', 'On April 10, the television anchor George Stephanopoulos went to a pharmacy in East Hampton, N.Y., wearing a mask and gloves, nine days after his wife, the actress Ali Wentworth, revealed she had tested positive for the coronavirus.Ivanka Trump, Chris Cuomo and all kinds of private citizens are getting roasted on social media for perceived failures of public hygiene.‘Corona-Shamed’: George Stephanopoulos, J. Lo — Maybe You?', 'If Jill Wyeth Moss had her pick of apartments, she might not have chosen the ground-floor studio she has lived in since 2015. But the apartment, in the Pelham Parkway neighborhood of the Bronx, offered something that appealed to Ms. Moss, a 27-year-old artist and City College student, far more than amazing light or period details: It gave her financial and artistic freedom.In exchange for serving as the unofficial superintendents of the three-unit house, they get the garden studio apartment.Two Artists, Living Rent-Free in the Bronx', 'LOGUMKLOSTER, Denmark — The cluster of red brick buildings in a remote part of southern Denmark looks unremarkable from the outside, but this week, its classrooms housed some of the rarest people during the pandemic in today’s Europe.Danish elementary schools have become the first in Europe to reopen after shutting down for the coronavirus. Our reporter visited one in southern Denmark, which could become a template for a post-lockdown world.In Denmark, the Rarest of Sights: Classrooms Full of Students', 'WASHINGTON — Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and top Democrats negotiated on Friday to break an impasse over replenishing a stimulus program to help small businesses weather the coronavirus pandemic, even as some Republicans privately worried that Mr. Mnuchin would concede too much in his zeal to unfreeze a critical aid initiative.Unhappy with the Treasury secretary’s willingness to offer concessions to Democrats in previous stimulus negotiations, Republicans are warily watching the talks over replenishing a small-business loan program.Republicans Fret as Mnuchin Bargains With Democrats to Break Funding Impasse', 'This guide was originally published on May 17, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Baby’s visit to the NICU can stress out parents, but there are a few ways to cope.How to Handle Your Baby’s Stay in the NICU', 'Like a lot of self-isolating people, Madisen Li is vacillating between nervous, bored, grateful and irritable. One of her main forms of relief comes from her weekly training sessions over Zoom with her personal trainer of nine years, Hector Guadalupe.The formerly incarcerated have lessons to share about emerging from confinement fitter, in mind and body.Feel Like You’re in Prison? These Trainers Actually Were', 'Evidence of President Trump’s mishandling of the current Covid-19 emergency has been building steadily. Most recently, The Washington Post on April 4 (“The U.S. was beset by denial and dysfunction as the coronavirus raged”) and The Times on April 11 (“He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus”) have put together a carefully constructed case against the administration.It’s not too soon to wonder whether he’s on to something.Trump Has a Gut Feeling About What Covid-19 Means for 2020'], ['Americans bought about two million guns last month, according to a New York Times analysis of federal data.Americans bought about two million guns last month, according to a New York Times analysis of federal data.About 2 Million Guns Were Sold in the U.S. as Virus Fears Spread', 'To the Editor:Readers discuss the challenges for both teachers and students.Trying to Adapt to Remote Learning', 'NEW DELHI — Ana Pautler, a trekker from San Francisco, was partway up a Himalayan mountain trail in Nepal when she noticed something peculiar: People were turning around.As the coronavirus spreads, American tourists say the State Department was slow to inform citizens of the challenges in returning home.Stranded Abroad, Americans Ask: Why Weren’t We Warned Sooner?', 'To the Editor:A reader criticizes Gov. Ron DeSantis. Also: The shortage of ventilators; preparing for death.Religious Exemption From Florida’s Stay-at-Home Order', '(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.) Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.Coronavirus, Masks, Bill Withers: Your Friday Evening Briefing', '[This article is part of the developing coronavirus coverage, and was updated on March 26. Go here for the latest on the coronavirus.]The risks, so far, seem no greater than for anyone else, but the research is thin and only applies to later stage of pregnancy.What Pregnant Women Should Know About Coronavirus', 'As if in the darkest children’s fable ever told, the undisputed winner of the current plague turns out to be the man who already had everything, the king whose empire appears intent on consuming the entire map. This week Jeff Bezos, the richest man on earth, saw the year’s first financial quarter close with Amazon stock up more than 5 percent, trading at $1,950 a share, during a period in which the Dow had its worst overall quarter since 1987.Employees want more wipes and less crowding in sanitized warehouses.‘We Didn’t Sign Up for This’: Amazon Workers on the Front Lines', 'Long before he began feeding his obsession and even found himself sitting next to its hosts, Rui Hachimura didn’t understand all the fuss about the Japanese reality television show “Terrace House.” His high school teammates in Japan had tried hard to get him on board.Rui Hachimura, a Washington Wizards forward, has found comfort and meaning in the hit Japanese reality show “Terrace House.”For This N.B.A. Rookie, Reality TV Is an Escape That Feels Like Home', '(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here’s what you need to know.Coronavirus, Italy, Nordic Preppers: Your Monday Briefing', '“I’m not sure if I should go to dance class,” my niece said. This was on March 14, when it still seemed possible that life could return to normal. She is in middle school and has gone to the same Saturday dance class for nearly a decade. She spoke casually, but we knew what she meant. She wasn’t sure, for the first time, whether it was safe.Black women have been telling one another that things will get better for generations. Then came the coronavirus.The Hollowness of ‘This, Too, Shall Pass’'], ['President Trump at the White House coronavirus briefing on Sunday. “What do you have to lose?” he asked as, for the second day in a row, he recommended the use of hydroxychloroquine on coronavirus patients despite the guidance of doctors and health experts.A dark week lies ahead, and Trump’s impeachment purge continues: This is your morning tip sheet.On Politics: ‘Our Pearl Harbor Moment’', 'This briefing is no longer updating. Read the latest developments in the coronavirus outbreak here.Live updates on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.Wall St. Caps a Turbulent Week With a Decline', 'Jason Hargrove was furious.Jason Hargrove, a bus driver in Detroit, posted a widely viewed Facebook video that underscored the dangers blue-collar workers face as they find themselves on the front lines of the pandemic.11 Days After Fuming About a Coughing Passenger, a Bus Driver Died From the Coronavirus', 'When it became clear last month that former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. would almost certainly win the Democratic nomination, many of the progressive Democrats who supported other presidential candidates were disappointed but not deterred. They quickly shifted their electoral focus to candidates lower on the ballot.After a disappointing turn in the presidential race, grass-roots progressive groups focused on congressional races and down-ballot campaigns. In weeks, the coronavirus has destroyed their plans.Progressives Built an Organizing Juggernaut for 2020. Then the Virus Hit.', " [Want to get New York Today by email? Here’s the sign-up.]Reinforcements are arriving to shore up the city's health care system, the mayor said.Coronavirus in N.Y.C.: The Latest", 'MOSCOW — The leaders of several former Soviet republics in Central Asia and elsewhere are still denying the severity of the coronavirus pandemic, weeks after most other governments abandoned that approach.The heads of several former Soviet republics have persisted in playing down the severity of the coronavirus pandemic, with some also promoting unproven folk remedies.‘The Fields Heal Everyone’: Post-Soviet Leaders’ Coronavirus Denial', 'When the lockdown began — the orders to avoid travel, to avoid friends, to “shelter in place,” to shrink our worlds to the slightest physical dimensions endurable — my first impression was of how quickly and ingeniously we adapted. Abracadabra: Classrooms went online. Physicians and therapists used Zoom to see patients. Happy hour happened on FaceTime.Digital chats and virtual cocktails can lift our longing only so much.We’re Not Wired to Be This Alone', 'LONDON — When Prime Minister Boris Johnson spoke to the British people from isolation on Wednesday, still suffering his own bout of the coronavirus, he said the key to overcoming the pandemic was more testing. “This is how we will unlock the coronavirus puzzle,” he said in a shaky, hand-held video.The health secretary, who just emerged from isolation after contracting the coronavirus, vowed that Britain would conduct 100,000 tests a day by the end of April, a tenfold increase.After Lost Months, Britain Vows to Catch Up on Virus Testing', 'When Jerome H. Powell was nominated to lead the Federal Reserve in late 2017, there was some tut-tutting about his seemingly unusual background for the job.His winding career path now seems to be a strength, not a weakness.How Jerome Powell’s Unconventional Career Path Prepared Him for This Crisis', 'Ayesha Malik’s long dark hair once fell in such unbelievably perfect Botticelli curls that in 2017 she felt compelled to take to YouTube to prove to online naysayers that she didn’t use a curling iron or wear a wig.DevaCurl, which for many women represented a hard-won acceptance of their curls, is a target of class-action lawsuits.Did a Cult Hair-Care Line Cause Thousands of Women to Lose Their Hair?'], ['On March 23, as the coronavirus pandemic put grocery workers on the front lines of a public health crisis, Trader Joe’s sent a memo to store managers encouraging them to relay a message to employees: Joining a union might be a bad idea.The chain has aggressively opposed unionization efforts among its employees, who have been critical of its response to the coronavirus.Labor Fight Collides With the Pandemic at Trader Joe’s', 'ALBANY, N.Y. — With the coronavirus outbreak racing through the state, sickening thousands of New Yorkers each day and draining the state economy, the Legislature on Friday was forced to pass a $177 billion budget that was laden with uncertainties.Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and the Legislature agreed to a $177 billion budget that also included another change to the state’s bail laws.‘We Can’t Spend What We Don’t Have’: Virus Strikes N.Y. Budget', 'This article is part of the On Tech newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it weekdays.The pandemic is devastating start-ups. This matters in ways we can’t always see.When Silly Start-Ups Falter, We All Lose', 'Until a few months ago, most of us didn’t give hand sanitizer much thought. Now it’s sold out around the world, prompting a variety of do-it-yourself recipes that are designed to be mixed up in a home kitchen.Recipes circulating on social media say it’s simple. But the end result is not like the real thing, and it may not be effective at killing germs.Mixing Your Own Hand Sanitizer?', 'For Americans sheltering at home during the coronavirus pandemic, the Zoom videoconferencing platform has become a lifeline, enabling millions of people to easily keep in touch with family members, friends, students, teachers and work colleagues.After an inquiry from Times reporters, Zoom said it would disable a data-mining feature that could be used to snoop on participants during meetings without their knowledge.A Feature on Zoom Secretly Displayed Data From People’s LinkedIn Profiles', 'Let’s try to look on the bright side of coronavirus politics. OK, that sounds ridiculous. Let’s look on a less neurosis-inducing side.Always look on the bright side of life.Well, at Least Trump Hasn’t …', 'On Saturday, Tulsa, Okla., and Oklahoma City joined 43 of the nation’s 50 largest cities in America that had ordered residents to “shelter in place.”Many people thanked me for taking action to save lives. Others compared me to Hitler.I’m a Red-State Mayor and I Ordered My City to Stay Home', 'PHILADELPHIA — My pager goes off again: The police are en route to my hospital. They’re bringing a gunshot victim. E.T.A.? Right now.Gunshot victims are fighting for space inside our overcrowded I.C.U.s.Please, Stop Shooting. We Need the Beds.', 'LONDON — The world is almost certainly ensnared in a devastating recession delivered by the coronavirus pandemic.Fears are growing that the worldwide economic downturn could be especially deep and lengthy, with recovery limited by continued anxiety.Why the Global Recession Could Last a Long Time', 'This article is part of David Leonhardt’s newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it each weekday.Next time, how about the truth?The Mask Fiasco'], ['Shailene Woodley isn’t used to being at home. Since she began acting at 5 years old, she’s spent much of her life on set in TV shows (“The O.C.” and “The Secret Life of the American Teenager”), movies (the “Divergent” franchise and “The Descendants”) and more recently, two seasons of the HBO hit “Big Little Lies,” in which she played the troubled single mother Jane.After experiencing blockbuster success and personal struggles, including a health scare, the “Endings, Beginnings” actress has found clarity.Shailene Woodley Finally Knows What She Wants Again', 'Phyllis Lyon, who when she married her partner, Del Martin, in 2008 became part of the first legal same-sex union in California, died on Thursday at her home in San Francisco. She was 95.When Ms. Lyon married her partner of 55 years in 2008, they formed the first legal gay union in California.Phyllis Lyon, Lesbian Activist and Gay Marriage Trailblazer, Dies at 95', 'NEW DELHI — After India’s health ministry repeatedly blamed an Islamic seminary for spreading the coronavirus — and governing party officials spoke of “human bombs” and “corona jihad” — a spree of anti-Muslim attacks has broken out across the country.Indian officials are blaming an Islamic group for spreading the virus, and Muslims have been targeted in a wave of violence.In India, Coronavirus Fans Religious Hatred', 'WASHINGTON — For some supporters, President Trump’s daily appearances with his coronavirus task force are a reassuring ritual during a time of crisis, consumed from the folds of a leather sectional, snacks and beverages within easy reach.The president has millions of viewers for his daily appearances, but even in a pandemic that has paralyzed the nation, a stark partisan divide runs through how they see him.They Watch Trump’s Virus Briefings Daily. Here’s What They Have to Say.', 'Crises like pandemics, economic collapses and world wars have, at times throughout history, ended up reordering societies — shrinking the gap between the rich and the poor, or empowering the working class. The Black Death helped end feudalism. The Great Depression helped lead to the New Deal. Never has extreme economic inequality shrunk in a meaningful way, says the Stanford historian Walter Scheidel, without a major crisis.Historically, major crises have tended to empower workers. The coronavirus is already changing things, for better and for worse.Could the Pandemic Wind Up Fixing What’s Broken About Work in America?', 'Not long after the sun rose on Easter morning, Beba Tata arrived at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., ready to pray.Amid a pandemic, millions of Americans refashioned rituals and grasped for hope in the story of Jesus’ resurrection.On Easter Sunday, Christians Remember: ‘We Will Rise Out of the Dust’', 'Traffic at New York City’s busiest bridges and tunnels has plunged nearly 60 percent.Faster buses. Plentiful parking. Cleaner air. A shift in habits offers a glimpse of what the city could be like without so much congestion.N.Y.’s Changed Streets: In One Spot, Traffic Speeds Are Up 288%', 'This briefing is no longer updating. Read the latest developments in the coronavirus outbreak here.The latest on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.The Next Gauge of the Economy Will Be Corporate Earnings', 'Everyone wants to know when we are going to be able to leave our homes and reopen the United States. That’s the wrong way to frame it.Experts offer four benchmarks that can serve as a guide for cities and states, eliminating some of the guesswork.How Will We Know When It’s Time to Reopen the Nation?', 'LONDON — After a week of mounting legal pressure, Northern Ireland’s Department of Health authorized abortion services in the region late on Thursday, putting into force legislation that overturns one of the world’s most restrictive abortion laws.Under a threat from women’s groups to take the matter to court, the health authorities confirmed that the procedure could now be carried out by medical professionals in the region.Legal Abortion Begins in Northern Ireland'], ["(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here's what you need to know.Coronavirus, Antibody Tests, Nova Scotia: Your Monday Briefing", '[This article was originally published on May 29, 2019, on NYT Parenting.]Pediatricians say it’s essential. But is it?The Truth About Tummy Time', 'This story was originally published on June 7, 2019 in NYT Parenting.More than one million women take meds while breastfeeding their babies each year, yet we know shockingly little about how those drugs may affect their milk and their infants.Is It Safe to Take That Medication While Breastfeeding?', 'This briefing has ended. Follow our latest coverage of the coronavirus pandemic.Democratic lawmakers and the Trump administration seek to break an impasse over a small-business loan program. Hospitals struggle to provide dialysis amid an unforeseen surge in patients with kidney failure.Officials Say C.D.C. Errors Caused Testing Delays', 'The Wisconsin spring elections were less than a week away, and with the state’s coronavirus death toll mounting, Democrats were challenging Republican plans to hold the vote as scheduled.The state’s final vote tallies show that the justices’ decision not to extend the mail voting deadline amid the coronavirus resulted in the disenfranchisement of thousands of voters.How a Supreme Court Decision Curtailed the Right to Vote in Wisconsin', 'WASHINGTON — Three states asked the Supreme Court on Monday to revisit a January ruling that allowed the Trump administration to move forward with plans to deny green cards to immigrants who make even occasional and minor use of public benefits like Medicaid.New limits on the “public charge” rule will deter immigrants from seeking care during the pandemic, lawyers for New York and other states said.Supreme Court Asked to Suspend Wealth Test for Green Cards in Light of Virus', 'As the first shelter-in-place orders were spreading across the country, a popular tweet was going around: “Wear jeans for an hour or two in your house every day. You don’t want to get three or four weeks from now and go to put them on and have it be an absolute crisis.”If the coronavirus has busted your diet — and you’ve busted out the fat pants — here are some tips to get back on track.Eating Is Weird Now. Here’s How to (Kind of) Get Back to Normal.', 'Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device:Via Apple Podcasts | Via Spotify | Via StitcherAmid the coronavirus crisis, the congresswoman believes progressive policies are a matter of life and death. Here’s why she says there is still room for hope in a “harm reduction” election.Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez on Progressivism and the Pandemic', 'This guide was originally published on May 22, 2019 in NYT Parenting.The belief that it’s dangerous to exercise during pregnancy is common — but it’s wrong.How to Safely Exercise During Pregnancy', 'Simon and Carla Fowler are anchored in their catamaran about 650 feet off a deserted beach in the Bahamas, and they have a message for anyone locked down on land who wishes that they too could be self-isolating on the water.Folks who live on boats face off with land they can’t set foot on, staring down logistical hurdles, ethical issues and social media harshness.The Seas as the Ultimate Coronavirus Isolation? Not. So. Fast.'], ['The rule of thumb, or rather feet, has been to stand six feet apart in public. That’s supposed to be a safe distance if a person nearby is coughing or sneezing and is infected with the novel coronavirus, spreading droplets that may carry virus particles.Most of the big droplets travel a mere six feet. The role of tiny aerosols is the “trillion-dollar question.”Stay 6 Feet Apart, We’re Told. But How Far Can Air Carry Coronavirus?', 'Many experts are beginning to coalesce around a set of benchmarks that could help determine when it might be safe to reopen parts of the country. But even though most areas of the United States are nowhere near achieving the goals necessary to do so, there has been a push to relax social distancing soon.A well-run system still led to a lockdown. Maybe the answer to the pandemic is a plan “on a scale that would previously be considered unimaginable.”Lesson From Singapore: Why We May Need to Think Bigger', 'This story was originally published on April 23, 2019 on NYT Parenting.Use our developmental milestones to learn what most kids can do as they grow.Your 3-Month-Old', 'This story was originally published on April 22, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Use our developmental milestones to learn what most kids can do as they grow.Your 1-Year-Old', 'WASHINGTON — The U.S. Federal Reserve on Thursday widened a key program to nurse the "Main Street" economy through the coronavirus pandemic, agreeing to lend to even larger firms, taking on more risk in participation with banks, and hinting at some form of dedicated help for non-profits.The U.S. Federal Reserve on Thursday widened a key program to nurse the "Main Street" economy through the coronavirus pandemic, agreeing to lend to even larger firms, taking on more risk in participation with banks, and hinting at some form of dedicated help for non-profits.Fed Expands \'Main Street\' Program to Firms With Up to 15,000 Workers', 'JERUSALEM — Social distancing doesn’t come naturally in Israel. But the country, known for its informal, in-your-face mentality, seems to be setting a new standard for public protests in the age of coronavirus.Social distancing doesn’t come naturally in Israel. But the country, known for its informal, in-your-face mentality, seems to be setting a new standard for public protests in the age of coronavirus.Chalk Marks, Discipline Aid Mass Protest in Virus-Era Israel', 'LONDON — Prime Minister Boris Johnson joined in a nationwide round of applause on Thursday to thank hospital and care workers battling the coronavirus pandemic, as many Britons also sang happy birthday to centenarian war veteran Tom Moore.Prime Minister Boris Johnson joined in a nationwide round of applause on Thursday to thank hospital and care workers battling the coronavirus pandemic, as many Britons also sang happy birthday to centenarian war veteran Tom Moore.Newly Recovered UK Leader Johnson Joins Applause for Coronavirus Carers', "WASHINGTON — U.S. state and local governments could need close to $1 trillion in aid over several years to cope with the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on Thursday as lawmakers began plotting more coronavirus relief legislation.U.S. state and local governments could need close to $1 trillion in aid over several years to cope with the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on Thursday as lawmakers began plotting more coronavirus relief legislation.U.S.' Pelosi Mulls $1 Trillion for Cities, States in Next Coronavirus Relief Round", 'Ever since slaughterhouses became coronavirus hot spots, the meat industry has been asking the Trump administration for help.The executive action signals that decisions around whether to close or reopen plants should be driven by the federal government, not local authorities.Powerful Meat Industry Holds More Sway After Trump’s Order', 'This preview includes spoilers for “Parks and Recreation.”The beloved NBC sitcom is returning Thursday for a reunion special to benefit Feeding America. Here’s where things stood the last time we were in Pawnee.‘Parks and Recreation’ Is Back. Here’s Where We Left Off.'], ["ACCRA, Ghana — Confirmed coronavirus cases in Ghana have surged above 2,000, increasing 24% in a matter of days, health officials announced Thursday, reflecting mostly test taken during a recent three-week lockdown in the West African country's two largest cities. Confirmed coronavirus cases in Ghana have surged above 2,000, increasing 24% in a matter of days, health officials announced Thursday, reflecting mostly test taken during a recent three-week lockdown in the West African country's two largest cities. Ghana's Virus Cases Spike 10 Days After Lockdown Is Lifted", 'In 1976, the artist Saul Steinberg drew a cover for The New Yorker — “View of the World from Ninth Avenue” — that became an instant classic. You know the one: Manhattan heavily in the foreground, the Hudson River, a brownish strip called “Jersey,” the rest of the America vaguely in the distance.A national lockdown is bad medicine and worse politics.America Shouldn’t Have to Play by New York Rules', '[This briefing has ended. For the latest updates on the coronavirus outbreak in the New York area, read Wednesday’s live coverage.]The governor, referring to a newspaper image of homeless people on the subway, said it was “disgusting” and “disrespectful” to essential workers.Cuomo Calls Subway Cars Filled With Homeless People ‘Disgusting’', 'The New York City subway system rebounded from the 1970s, when the city teetered on the edge of bankruptcy, crumbling cars routinely broke down and rampant crime scared riders away.The nation’s largest urban transit system is seeking billions more in federal aid but may have to consider drastic measures, including postponing critical improvements.‘The Worst-Case Scenario’: New York’s Subway Faces Its Biggest Crisis', 'THESSALONIKI, Greece — For years, Greece has been seen as one of the European Union’s most troubled members, weighed down by a financial crisis, corruption and political instability. But in the coronavirus pandemic, the country has emerged as a welcome surprise: its outbreak appears to be far more limited than what was expected.The Greeks have been dogged by years of instability, but their government’s response to the coronavirus has won praise from citizens.Greece Has ‘Defied the Odds’ in the Pandemic', 'WASHINGTON — More than 3.8 million laid-off workers applied for unemployment benefits last week as the U.S. economy slid further into a crisis that is becoming the most devastating since the 1930s.More than 3.8 million laid-off workers  applied for unemployment benefits last week as the U.S. economy slid further into a crisis that is becoming the most devastating since the 1930s.30 Million Have Sought US Unemployment Aid Since Virus Hit', 'NEW YORK — This could be the year.This could be the year.Big Changes in AFC East, but Belichick the Constant for Pats', 'NEW YORK — U.S. jobless claims have exceeded 30 million since the coronavirus outbreak hit the country, wiping out a decade of job gains and sending many Americans scrambling to find work and cash in on government aid. U.S. jobless claims have exceeded 30 million since the coronavirus outbreak hit the country, wiping out a decade of job gains and sending many Americans scrambling to find work and cash in on government aid. Your Unemployment Questions, Answered', "BOSTON — Tegna shareholders re-elected all 12 directors to the U.S. regional TV station operator's board, handing victory to management and ending a months-long proxy contest with hedge fund Standard General, which had sought to replace four board members.Tegna shareholders re-elected all 12 directors to the U.S. regional TV station operator's board, handing victory to management and ending a months-long proxy contest with hedge fund Standard General, which had sought to replace four board members.Tegna Wins Proxy Contest as Investors Re-elect All 12 Board Members", 'BERLIN — German authorities agreed Thursday to reopen playgrounds, churches and cultural institutions such as museums and zoos that have been shuttered because of the coronavirus pandemic, but they postponed a decision on whether to relax the rules for restaurants, hotels and kindergartens.German authorities agreed Thursday to reopen playgrounds, churches and cultural institutions such as museums and zoos that have been shuttered because of the coronavirus pandemic, but they postponed a decision on whether to relax the rules for restaurants, hotels and kindergartens.Germany Relaxes Lockdown for Playgrounds, Churches and Zoos'], ['The politicization of everything corrodes social and constitutional life. That is especially so when the locus of politics is loyalty or opposition to whomever is president. The coronavirus pandemic may mark the first time it started killing people.The coronavirus crisis has taken the personalized presidency to an insidious new level.Don’t Let Trump’s Cult of Personality Make Covid-19 Worse', 'President Trump on March 27 signed into law the $2 trillion stimulus package designed to save millions of jobs and bail out companies devastated by the coronavirus. But when the dust settled, one hard-hit sector of the travel industry was left on the sidelines: the major cruise lines.The hard-hit sector of the travel industry was left out of the $2 trillion stimulus package. Century-old tax provisions help explain what happened.Cruise Lines Were Shut Out of the Stimulus. Here’s Why.', '(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here’s what you need to know.Coronavirus, Bernie Sanders, European Union: Your Thursday Briefing', 'Doctors and nurses responding to the Covid-19 pandemic are the superheroes of our age, putting themselves at risk to save the lives of others.Health care professionals are being punished for protecting themselves, and us.‘I Do Fear for My Staff,’ a Doctor Said. He Lost His Job.', 'Chia Liang is a pharmacist manager at the Walgreens in Jackson Heights, Queens, near one of the neighborhoods hit hardest by the coronavirus. Her Sunday shift there, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., has remained one of the few details of her day that has not changed in recent weeks. Ms. Liang, 31, lives with her husband, Adam, 34, a car mechanic, and Cody, their Maltese, in a two-family home in Elmhurst, Queens, where she grew up. Her parents and younger brother live downstairs.‘This is my community,’ said Chia Liang of a Walgreens in Queens, where she started as an intern 10 years ago.How a Pharmacist on the Front Lines Spends Her Sundays', 'This article is part of our latest Artificial Intelligence special report, which focuses on how the technology continues to evolve and affect our lives.Advances in software applications that process human language lie at the heart of the debate over whether computer technologies will enhance or even substitute for human creativity.You Can’t Spell Creative Without A.I.', 'In 2012, I started working from home full time. Within just a few months, I threw my back out from sitting all day at a home office thrown together from what I had on hand. That event kicked off a quest to find office equipment that would be a bit easier on my spine. I expected the quest to consist of a trip to the store. Instead, it’s been years of learning what good posture really entails.Ergonomics are important, but remember, there’s no one solution for everybody.My Long, Unending Journey to Find Perfect Office Equipment', 'NEW ORLEANS — One recent afternoon, Mama, ready to run some errands, clips herself into the passenger seat of my Volkswagen sedan, disposable purple gloves on her hands, a dim glint in her eye.The rest of the country is giving us a hard time about having Mardi Gras. But Louisiana didn’t have a single confirmed Covid-19 case then.Don’t Blame New Orleans, and Don’t Forget It', 'MEXICO CITY — In El Salvador, the number of murders plunged by nearly half between February and March. Neighboring Honduras has also seen a falloff in killings in recent weeks, as has Colombia and the most populous state in Mexico.With businesses and commercial activity all but shut down, there are fewer people outdoors, making the streets easier to police and less likely to be zones of criminal opportunity and conflict.Murder Rates Were Staggering. The Virus Has Brought Some Quiet, for Now.', 'When you bring your baby home, you also bring home a bundle of new questions. Everyone has different opinions on the best way to do everything when it comes to raising babies; even a simple question like, “How often should I bathe this kid?” can turn into a heated debate. To help you navigate the minefield of parenting advice, I spoke to a few experts to get the dirt on keeping baby clean.Giving baby a bath without harming that delicate skin is one more minefield for new parents to traverse. Here are a few tips.How Often Should I Bathe My Baby?'], ['Sign up here to get On Politics in your inbox every weekday.When a Republican senator shops a stimulus plan that has more common ground with a leading progressive.Scrambling the Political Divide: ‘No Normal Recession’', 'SOUDERTON, Pa. — On a normal day, work at a meatpacking plant is not easy. The slaughterhouse is boiling hot. People who aren’t used to the temperature can feel as if they are experiencing high blood pressure. The freezer is super cold and will amplify any flulike symptoms. Workers wear as many layers as they can to stay warm, but it is difficult.In a meatpacking plant, changes were made too late.Two of My Colleagues Died of Covid-19', "WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. — This year's Little League World Series and the championship tournaments in six other Little League divisions have been canceled because of the coronavirus pandemic.This year's Little League World Series and the championship tournaments in six other Little League divisions have been canceled because of the coronavirus pandemic.Little League World Series Canceled for First Time", "WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump likes to talk about the most, the best, the thing that nobody has ever seen. President Donald Trump likes to talk about the most, the best, the thing that nobody has ever seen. Grim Count: US Virus Toll Passes Trump's 60,000 Marker", 'CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA is turning to private industry for the first lunar landers for astronauts in a half-century, with three competing, quite contrasting versions. NASA is turning to private industry for the first lunar landers for astronauts in a half-century, with three competing, quite contrasting versions. NASA Goes Private for 1st Astronaut Lunar Landers in Decades', '(Reuters) - The U.S. Navy hospital ship Comfort departed New York harbor on Thursday, just a month after arriving to help ease the strain on overburdened city hospitals dealing with the novel coronavirus outbreak.The U.S. Navy hospital ship Comfort departed New York harbor on Thursday, just a month after arriving to help ease the strain on overburdened city hospitals dealing with the novel coronavirus outbreak.Little-Used Navy Hospital Ship Comfort Leaves New York After Treating COVID-19 Patients', 'SACRAMENTO, Calif. — California Governor Gavin Newsom on Thursday ordered beaches in Orange County in the southern part of the state to close, after crowds defied public health guidelines to throng the popular shoreline last weekend.California Governor Gavin Newsom on Thursday ordered beaches in Orange County in the southern part of the state to close, after crowds defied public health guidelines to throng the popular shoreline last weekend.California Closes Orange County Beaches Where Crowds Defied Coronavirus Guidelines', 'WASHINGTON — The Trump administration has finalized an agreement with Honduras that would allow some people seeking asylum in the United States to be sent to the Central American country instead. The Trump administration has finalized an agreement with Honduras that would allow some people seeking asylum in the United States to be sent to the Central American country instead. US Can Soon Start Sending People Seeking Asylum to Honduras', 'UNITED NATIONS — The United Nations chief said he hopes many countries in the world will follow the “remarkable example” of South Korea, which he said has been “extremely successful” in addressing the coronavirus pandemic and is planning to tackle climate change in its recovery from COVID-19.The United Nations chief said he hopes many countries in the world will follow the “remarkable example” of South Korea, which he said has been “extremely successful” in addressing the coronavirus pandemic and is planning to tackle climate change in its recovery from COVID-19.UN Chief: World Should Follow South Korea on COVID-19 Fight', 'TOPEKA, Kan. — Dr. Beth Oller would like Kansas to remain under a stay-at-home order a while longer, even as some neighbors in her rural northwest county are restless to see business return to normal.Dr. Beth Oller would like Kansas to remain under a stay-at-home order a while longer, even as some neighbors in her rural northwest county are restless to see business return to normal.With Rural Kansas Close to Reopening, Doctor Remains Nervous'], ['NEW YORK — The U.S. has seen at least 66,000 more deaths than usual so far this year, according to government data, and the new coronavirus accounts for much — but not all — of the increase.The U.S. has seen at least 66,000 more deaths than usual so far this year, according to government data, and the new coronavirus accounts for much — but not all — of the increase.Coronavirus and Other Causes Driving Surge in US Deaths', '(Reuters) - Rock band Queen and singer Adam Lambert are raising money for health workers fighting COVID-19 with new single "You Are The Champions", an updated version of classic hit "We Are The Champions" recorded on mobile phones under lockdown. Rock band Queen and singer Adam Lambert are raising money for health workers fighting COVID-19 with new single "You Are The Champions", an updated version of classic hit "We Are The Champions" recorded on mobile phones under lockdown. \'You Are the Champions\': Queen, Under Lockdown, Record Health Worker Anthem', "NEW YORK — It started with reports of a strange stench in Brooklyn. Police who investigated found another example of how the cornavirus has overwhelmed the city: A funeral home had resorted to storing dozens of bodies on ice in rented trucks.It started with reports of a strange stench in Brooklyn. Police who investigated found another example of how the cornavirus has overwhelmed the city: A funeral home had resorted to storing  dozens of bodies on ice in rented trucks.'Unconscionable' Body Overflow at Funeral Home Prompts Probe", "TOKYO — A few Bank of Japan board members said it was uncertain whether the economy could make a strong rebound even after the coronavirus pandemic was contained, minutes of the central bank's March rate review showed on Friday.A few Bank of Japan board members said it was uncertain whether the economy could make a strong rebound even after the coronavirus pandemic was contained, minutes of the central bank's March rate review showed on Friday.Some in BOJ Voiced Doubts on Economic Rebound Post-Pandemic: March Meeting Minutes", 'NEW YORK — Bleak new figures Thursday underscored the worldwide economic pain inflicted by the coronavirus: The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits has climbed past a staggering 30 million, while Europe’s economies have gone into an epic slide.Bleak new figures Thursday underscored the worldwide economic pain inflicted by the coronavirus: The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits has climbed past a staggering 30 million, while Europe’s economies have gone into an epic slide.Economic Figures Show Grim Toll in Europe and US From Virus', 'TOKYO — North Korea’s collapse has been predicted — wrongly— for decades. North Korea’s collapse has been predicted — wrongly— for decades. Outsiders Consider Possibility of Chaos in North Korea', 'FRANKFURT — Europe is in the midst of a downturn not seen since the end of World War II, and the worst is yet to come, Europe’s top central banker said Thursday as she painted a scenario that will test how far the continent’s political leaders are willing to go to preserve their fractured union.The European Central Bank will pay banks to lend money after the economy shrank the most in decades. The worst is yet to come, the eurozone’s top central banker warned.European Slump Is Worst Since World War II, Reports Show', 'GUATEMALA CITY — A planeload of 89 Guatemalan deportees that arrived Thursday all tested negative for the coronavirus before boarding their flight from Texas, Guatemalan officials said Thursday.A planeload of 89 Guatemalan deportees that arrived Thursday all tested negative for the coronavirus before boarding their flight from Texas, Guatemalan officials said Thursday.Guatemala Says US Testing Deportees for Virus Before Sending', 'BOSTON — An heir to a microwave snack fortune and a former chief executive of investment firm Pimco cannot use the coronavirus pandemic as a reason to avoid prison time for convictions in the U.S. college admissions scandal, a federal judge ruled on Thursday, although they can delay starting their sentences.An heir to a microwave snack fortune and a former chief executive of investment firm Pimco cannot use the coronavirus pandemic as a reason to avoid prison time for convictions in the U.S. college admissions scandal, a federal judge ruled on Thursday, although they can delay starting their sentences.Pandemic Delays Prison for Hot Pockets Heir, Ex-Pimco CEO in College Admissions Scandal', '(Reuters) - U.S. Labor Secretary Eugene Scalia on Thursday defended his department\'s handling of workplace safety during the coronavirus pandemic, saying "the cop is on the beat" in response to union criticism about a lack of directives to protect workers.U.S. Labor Secretary Eugene Scalia on Thursday defended his department\'s handling of workplace safety during the coronavirus pandemic, saying "the cop is on the beat" in response to union criticism about a lack of directives to protect workers.U.S. Labor Secretary Defends Workplace Safety Record During Pandemic'], ['The Latest on the effects of the coronavirus outbreak on sports around the world:The Latest on the effects of the coronavirus outbreak on sports around the world:The Latest: Former NHL Enforcer Laraque Tests Positive', 'WASHINGTON — Senate Democrats assailed Senator Mitch McConnell on Thursday for insisting on bringing the Senate back to Washington in the thick of the coronavirus pandemic, saying it could imperil not only senators and their aides, but also large numbers of low-level employees, including racial minorities at higher risk of infection and death from Covid-19.The majority leader’s plan to reconvene next week carries dangers for lawmakers as well as workers at the Capitol, where many low-level employees are minorities and at greater risk from Covid-19.Democrats Assail McConnell for Bringing Senate Back Amid Pandemic', 'Stocks fell on Thursday, giving up some of their gains from the day before, after reports that showed millions more Americans applied for weekly unemployment benefits and consumer spending collapsed.The latest on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.U.S. Stocks Have Their Best Month Since 1987', 'SAN FRANCISCO — Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, said in March that promoting bleach as a cure for the coronavirus was “misinformation that has imminent risk of danger” and that such messages would immediately be removed from the social network.Facebook, Twitter and YouTube have declined to remove the president’s statements about unproven coronavirus treatments.Trump’s Disinfectant Talk Trips Up Sites’ Vows Against Misinformation', 'SEATTLE — Online shopping during the coronavirus pandemic drove sales at Amazon far higher, the company said on Thursday. But the cost to deliver those products, and to keep its workers safe, is taking a big bite out of the company’s profits.Jeff Bezos, the chief executive, said the company could spend up to $4 billion to handle the effects of Covid-19.Amazon Sells More, but Warns of Much Higher Costs Ahead', '“Is it too early to drink?”We need the ritual; we have the time. And during lockdown, it’s 5 o’clock everywhere.Why Cocktail Hour Is Back', 'Sometime in 1989, Herbert Darling got a call: A hunter told him he had come across a tall, straight American chestnut tree on Darling’s property in Western New York’s Zoar Valley. Darling knew that chestnuts were once among the area’s most important trees. He also knew that a deadly fungus had all but wiped out the species more than a half-century earlier. When he heard the hunter’s report of having seen a living chestnut whose trunk was two feet thick and rose to the height of a five-story building, he was skeptical. “I wasn’t sure I believed he knew what one was,” Darling says.The tree helped build industrial America before disease wiped out an estimated three billion or more of them. To revive their lost glory, we may need to embrace tinkering with nature.Can Genetic Engineering Bring Back the American Chestnut?', 'Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device:A conversation with National Affairs editor Yuval Levin.When Science Is Partisan', 'This briefing has ended. Follow our latest coverage of the coronavirus pandemic.New Jersey is now reporting more daily deaths than any other state. The federal government will increase inspections of nursing homes after a series of outbreaks.As Several States Loosen Rules, California Closes Some Beaches', 'As high schools approach the end of an academic year without proms or field trips or graduation ceremonies, another fundamental part of American education is being transformed: the report card.Schools nationwide are debating whether to issue grades to high school students during the coronavirus pandemic.Should the Virus Mean Straight A’s for Everyone?'], ['Leonor Anthony always fell ill during the second week of December. Emerging from the deluge of billionaires, hand-rolled cigars and champagne fountains otherwise known as Art Basel Miami, “I know I’m going to be horizontal for a least a week or two because it’s just too much,” the multidisciplinary artist and activist said.Makers — and their legion of fans — say the timepieces help decrease stress and improve health.A ‘Wellness Wearable’ on Your Wrist', 'In New Haven, Conn., a man broke into a Cuban restaurant and spent days drinking his way through the liquor selection. In San Jose, Calif., a restaurant owner watched from his phone as security cameras recorded a burglar’s helping himself to the best bottles in the bar. And in San Francisco, a restaurant in the city’s wholesale Flower Mart was robbed or vandalized four times in less than a month.Emboldened by the vacant streets and empty dining rooms, thieves in some cities are targeting restaurants.A New Affliction for Restaurant Owners: Burglars', 'Self-seclusion, Week 1. I’d been planning to watch over the health of loved ones. But I’d also been looking forward to having time on my hands: long idle hours during which I’d administer liberal doses of self-love.As the days of quarantine drag on, many women are reveling in the relinquishment of high heels, painful waxes and constricting garments.FOMO Is Over. Give In to the Joy of Letting Go.', 'ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia — On April 15, Group of 20 countries offered temporary relief to some of the world’s lowest-income countries by suspending debt repayments until the end of the year. It is a step in the right direction and provides an opportunity to redirect financial resources toward dealing with the coronavirus pandemic.Delaying the repayments to the Group of 20 is not enough.Why the Global Debt of Poor Nations Must Be Canceled', 'To the Editor:In response to our query, readers discuss how they have marked the deaths of loved ones: struggling with not saying goodbye, not being comforted in person, but also finding some solace in the collective virtual grieving.When Mourning Is at a Distance', 'John F. Banzhaf III was watching football on television with his family in the Bronx on Thanksgiving 1966 when he realized that the most strategic plays were being made off the field — in the cigarette commercials whose jingles, gags, slogans and images of virile cowboys and urbane women glamorized smoking.While at the F.C.C., he used the fairness doctrine to challenge the tobacco industry. He also helped pave the way for televised presidential debates.Henry Geller, Who Helped Rid TV of Cigarette Ads, Dies at 96', "MEXICO CITY — Mexico's health ministry reported on Tuesday 1,223 new known coronavirus cases and 135 new deaths, bringing the total to 16,752 cases and 1,569 deaths.Mexico's health ministry reported on Tuesday 1,223 new known coronavirus cases and 135 new deaths, bringing the total to  16,752 cases and 1,569 deaths.Mexico's Registers 1,223 New Coronavirus Cases, 135 Deaths", '(Reuters) - A pug living in a North Carolina home with three people who have tested positive for coronavirus became the first U.S. dog diagnosed with the COVID-19 respiratory illness, the American Humane Society said on Tuesday.A pug living in a North Carolina home with three people who have tested positive for coronavirus became the first U.S. dog diagnosed with the COVID-19 respiratory illness, the American Humane Society said on Tuesday.North Carolina Pug Becomes First U.S. Dog Diagnosed With Coronavirus', "LOS ANGELES — Kentucky Derby-winning trainers Bob Baffert and Doug O'Neill joined horse racing advocates rallying outside a Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors meeting on Tuesday in an effort to convince government officials to allow the resumption of live racing at Santa Anita.Kentucky Derby-winning trainers Bob Baffert and Doug O'Neill joined horse racing advocates rallying outside a Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors meeting on Tuesday in an effort to convince government officials to allow the resumption of live racing at Santa Anita.Baffert Rallies for Return of Live Racing at Santa Anita", 'WASHINGTON — When law enforcement agencies want to gather evidence locked inside an iPhone, they often turn to hacking software from the Israeli firm Cellebrite. By manually plugging the software into a suspect’s phone, police can break in and determine where the person has gone and whom he or she has met.When law enforcement agencies want to gather evidence locked inside an iPhone, they often turn to hacking software from the Israeli firm Cellebrite. By manually plugging the software into a suspect’s phone, police can break in and determine where the person has gone and whom he or she has met.Special Report: Cyber-Intel Firms Pitch Governments on Spy Tools to Trace Coronavirus'], ['WASHINGTON/CHICAGO — President Donald Trump on Tuesday ordered meat-processing plants to stay open to protect the food supply in the United States, despite concerns about coronavirus outbreaks, drawing a backlash from unions that said at-risk workers required more protection.President Donald Trump on Tuesday ordered meat-processing plants to stay open to protect the food supply in the United States, despite concerns about coronavirus outbreaks, drawing a backlash from unions that said at-risk workers required more protection.Trump Orders U.S. Meat-Processing Plants to Stay Open Despite Coronavirus Fears', 'AMMAN — The Syrian government said on Wednesday it extended a nationwide curfew to stem the spread of coronavirus but had eased a tight lockdown by allowing all businesses and public markets to go back to work.The Syrian government said on Wednesday it extended a nationwide curfew to stem the spread of coronavirus but had eased a tight lockdown by allowing all businesses and public markets to go back to work.Syria Extends Night Curfew but Allows Businesses to Reopen', 'NEW YORK — The New York Stock Exchange said on Tuesday its NYSE Arca Options trading floor in San Francisco would partially reopen next Monday but its New York-based trading floors would remain closed for now, having been shut since March 23 due to the coronavirus crisis.The New York Stock Exchange said on Tuesday its NYSE Arca Options trading floor in San Francisco would partially reopen next Monday but its New York-based trading floors would remain closed for now, having been shut since March 23 due to the coronavirus crisis.NYSE to Reopen San Francisco-Based Options Floor Next Monday', 'Welcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown of the previous night’s highlights that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy. We’re all stuck at home at the moment, so here are the 50 best movies on Netflix right now..The “Daily Show” host says the reason the president doesn’t understand disinfectants is that he’s never personally cleaned anything.Trevor Noah Doesn’t Think Trump Knows What Bleach Is', 'The Latest on the coronavirus pandemic. The new coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms for most people. For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness or death.The Latest on the coronavirus pandemic. The new coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms for most people. For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness or death.The Latest: South Korea Hopes for Vigilance During Holiday', "WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump took executive action to order meat processing plants to stay open amid concerns over growing coronavirus cases and the impact on the nation's food supply.President Donald Trump took executive action to order meat processing plants to stay open amid concerns over growing coronavirus cases  and the impact on the nation's food supply.Trump Order Keeping Meat Packing Plants Open Worries Unions", 'WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans plan to push ahead next week with a confirmation hearing for a contested nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, moving on a rapid timetable that signals they intend to remain aggressive this year in putting conservative judges on the bench, even amid a pandemic.The Judiciary Committee is poised to consider the nomination of a McConnell protégé to an influential appeals court, while Democrats say the focus should be on the pandemic.Senate Republicans to Push Ahead on Judges Over Democratic Objections', "SEOUL — Satellite imagery showing recent movements of luxury boats often used by North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his entourage near Wonsan provide further indications he has been at the coastal resort, according to experts who monitor the reclusive regime. Satellite imagery showing recent movements of luxury boats often used by North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his entourage near Wonsan provide further indications he has been at the coastal resort, according to experts who monitor the reclusive regime.  Satellite Images of Luxury Boats Further Suggest North Korea's Kim at Favoured Villa: Experts", 'JAKARTA — Indonesia confirmed 260 new coronavirus infections on Wednesday, taking the total in the Southeast Asian nation to 9,771, said health ministry official Achmad Yurianto.Indonesia confirmed 260 new coronavirus infections on Wednesday, taking the total in the Southeast Asian nation to 9,771, said health ministry official Achmad Yurianto.Indonesia Announces 260 Coronavirus Cases, 11 Deaths', 'PARIS — The French football league is facing a number of issues such as who gets to be named champions, who gets promoted and relegated after the Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 seasons were ended amid the COVID-19 crisis with 10 games left.The French football league is facing a number of issues such as who gets to be named champions, who gets promoted and relegated after the Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 seasons were ended amid the COVID-19 crisis with 10 games left.Soccer: French League Facing Tough Choices After Season Abandoned'], ['WASHINGTON — When law enforcement agencies want to gather evidence locked inside an iPhone, they often turn to hacking software from the Israeli firm Cellebrite. By manually plugging the software into a suspect’s phone, police can break in and determine where the person has gone and whom he or she has met.When law enforcement agencies want to gather evidence locked inside an iPhone, they often turn to hacking software from the Israeli firm Cellebrite. By manually plugging the software into a suspect’s phone, police can break in and determine where the person has gone and whom he or she has met.Special Report: Cyber-Intel Firms Pitch Governments on Spy Tools to Trace Coronavirus', 'WASHINGTON/CHICAGO — President Donald Trump on Tuesday ordered meat-processing plants to stay open to protect the food supply in the United States, despite concerns about coronavirus outbreaks, drawing a backlash from unions that said at-risk workers required more protection.President Donald Trump on Tuesday ordered meat-processing plants to stay open to protect the food supply in the United States, despite concerns about coronavirus outbreaks, drawing a backlash from unions that said at-risk workers required more protection.Trump Orders U.S. Meat-Processing Plants to Stay Open Despite Coronavirus Fears', 'AMMAN — The Syrian government said on Wednesday it extended a nationwide curfew to stem the spread of coronavirus but had eased a tight lockdown by allowing all businesses and public markets to go back to work.The Syrian government said on Wednesday it extended a nationwide curfew to stem the spread of coronavirus but had eased a tight lockdown by allowing all businesses and public markets to go back to work.Syria Extends Night Curfew but Allows Businesses to Reopen', 'NEW YORK — The New York Stock Exchange said on Tuesday its NYSE Arca Options trading floor in San Francisco would partially reopen next Monday but its New York-based trading floors would remain closed for now, having been shut since March 23 due to the coronavirus crisis.The New York Stock Exchange said on Tuesday its NYSE Arca Options trading floor in San Francisco would partially reopen next Monday but its New York-based trading floors would remain closed for now, having been shut since March 23 due to the coronavirus crisis.NYSE to Reopen San Francisco-Based Options Floor Next Monday', 'Welcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown of the previous night’s highlights that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy. We’re all stuck at home at the moment, so here are the 50 best movies on Netflix right now..The “Daily Show” host says the reason the president doesn’t understand disinfectants is that he’s never personally cleaned anything.Trevor Noah Doesn’t Think Trump Knows What Bleach Is', 'The Latest on the coronavirus pandemic. The new coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms for most people. For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness or death.The Latest on the coronavirus pandemic. The new coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms for most people. For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness or death.The Latest: South Korea Hopes for Vigilance During Holiday', "WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump took executive action to order meat processing plants to stay open amid concerns over growing coronavirus cases and the impact on the nation's food supply.President Donald Trump took executive action to order meat processing plants to stay open amid concerns over growing coronavirus cases  and the impact on the nation's food supply.Trump Order Keeping Meat Packing Plants Open Worries Unions", 'WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans plan to push ahead next week with a confirmation hearing for a contested nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, moving on a rapid timetable that signals they intend to remain aggressive this year in putting conservative judges on the bench, even amid a pandemic.The Judiciary Committee is poised to consider the nomination of a McConnell protégé to an influential appeals court, while Democrats say the focus should be on the pandemic.Senate Republicans to Push Ahead on Judges Over Democratic Objections', "MANILA — A music video produced by China to promote its support for neighbours battling the coronavirus has backfired in the Philippines, attracting a flood of public criticism and an online petition that is fast attracting signatures.A music video produced by China to promote its support for neighbours battling the coronavirus has backfired in the Philippines, attracting a flood of public criticism and an online petition that is fast attracting signatures.Blow for China's Virus Diplomacy as Friendship Song Leaves Filipinos Furious", "VATICAN CITY — Italy's Roman Catholic Church has reprimanded the government for not allowing the faithful to return to Masses at the start of a gradual staged end to Europe's longest coronavirus lockdown.Italy's Roman Catholic Church has reprimanded the government for not allowing the faithful to return to Masses at the start of a gradual staged end to Europe's longest coronavirus lockdown.Italy Bishops Scold Government for Excluding Mass From Lockdown Easing"], ['BRUSSELS — Belgian hospitals admitted the lowest number of COVID-19 patients since the start of the lockdown almost seven weeks ago, figures showed on Monday, a week before the country starts to ease restrictions.Belgian hospitals admitted the lowest number of COVID-19 patients since the start of the lockdown almost seven weeks ago, figures showed on Monday, a week before the country starts to ease restrictions.Belgian COVID-19 Hospital Entries at Lowest Since Lockdown Start', 'SEOUL, South Korea — There was one state event that the secretive leader of North Korea, Kim Jong-un, never missed: a visit to the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun every April 15 to mark the birthday of his grandfather, the founder of the dynastic regime. In the mausoleum, both his grandfather and his father lie in state.South Korean officials questioned the accuracy of news reports that Mr. Kim was recovering from heart surgery. But rumors persist.Speculation Over Kim Jong-un’s Health Is Fueled by North Korea’s Own Secrecy', 'LONDON — Formula One hopes to start its delayed 2020 season in Austria in July without spectators before ending in Abu Dhabi in December after races in Asia and the Americas, chairman and CEO Chase Carey said on Monday.Formula One hopes to start its delayed 2020 season in Austria in July without spectators before ending in Abu Dhabi in December after races in Asia and the Americas, chairman and CEO Chase Carey said on Monday.F1 Expects to Start Delayed Season in Austria in July', 'Bill Rodger, 91, often finds himself sitting on a worn flower-print couch in his living room in North Hollywood, Calif., facing a wall of accolades that document his long life.Combating loneliness is vital work. Services that offer “grandkids on demand” are doing just that.Be a Friend to the Elderly, Get Paid', 'NEW DELHI/DHAKA — More than 500 garment factories in Bangladesh that supply to global brands reopened on Monday after a month-long shutdown to curb the spread of the coronavirus, while India considered ways to scale back its vast lockdown to reduce economic pain.More than 500 garment factories in Bangladesh that supply to global brands reopened on Monday after a month-long shutdown to curb the spread of the coronavirus, while India considered ways to scale back its vast lockdown to reduce economic pain.Bangladesh Garment Factories Reopen, While India Looks to Ease Its Lockdown', 'Donald Kennedy, a neurobiologist who headed the Food and Drug Administration before becoming president of Stanford University, where he oversaw major expansions of its campus and curriculum and weathered a crisis over research spending, died on April 21 in Redwood City, Calif. He was 88.As president, he expanded the university and battled a government inquiry into its research expenses. He also headed the F.D.A. under President Carter.Donald Kennedy, Who Led Stanford in 1980s, Dies at 88', "JERUSALEM — Israel will begin a staggered reopening of schools next week if the latest health data does not warn of heightened coronavirus risk, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office said on Monday.Israel will begin a staggered reopening of schools next week if the latest health data does not warn of heightened coronavirus risk, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office said on Monday.Israel to Reopen Some Schools on Sunday if Coronavirus Curve Allows", 'GENEVA — The U.N. human rights office voiced concern on Monday about more than a dozen countries that have declared states of emergency due to the COVID-19 pandemic where police have arrested or detained hundreds of thousands of people and killed others.The U.N. human rights office voiced concern on Monday about more than a dozen countries that have declared states of emergency due to the COVID-19 pandemic where police have arrested or detained hundreds of thousands of people and killed others.U.N. Raises Alarm About Police Brutality in Lockdowns', 'WASHINGTON — Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is preparing a legal argument that the United States remains a participant in the Iran nuclear accord that President Trump has renounced, part of an intricate strategy to pressure the United Nations Security Council to extend an arms embargo on Tehran or see far more stringent sanctions reimposed on the country.The secretary of state is preparing an argument that the U.S. remains a participant in the Obama-era nuclear deal, with the goal of extending an arms embargo or destroying the accord.To Pressure Iran, Pompeo Turns to the Deal Trump Renounced', "WASHINGTON — During times of war and strife, national leaders often aim to unite a broken country and, in the process, broaden their appeal beyond their most loyal supporters. Not President Donald Trump.During times of war and strife, national leaders often aim to unite a broken country and, in the process, broaden their appeal beyond their most loyal supporters. Not President Donald Trump.Trump's Focus on His Base Complicates Path to Reelection"], ['Gov. Philip D. Murphy on Monday sketched out benchmarks New Jersey will have to reach before the coronavirus lockdown can be lifted, even as he warned of a financial “Armageddon” that could leave the state unable to pay its teachers, firefighters and police officers.Gov. Philip Murphy warned that the state faces financial “Armageddon” — and could be unable to pay teachers, firefighters and police officers.New Jersey Governor Offers Timeline to Begin Reopening Within Weeks', "TOKYO — The coronavirus pandemic is inflicting huge damage to the global economy and may weaken the country's banking sector, Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda warned on Tuesday, a day after the central bank expanded stimulus to cushion the economic blow from the crisis.The coronavirus pandemic is inflicting huge damage to the global economy and may weaken the country's banking sector, Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda warned on Tuesday, a day after the central bank expanded stimulus to cushion the economic blow from the crisis.BOJ's Kuroda Warns of Pandemic Impact on Global Growth, Japan's Banks", "MANILA — The Philippines' health ministry on Tuesday reported 19 more coronavirus deaths and 181 infections.The Philippines' health ministry on Tuesday reported 19 more coronavirus deaths and 181 infections.Philippines Nears 8,000 Coronavirus Infections", 'The Yanomami people are no strangers to fatal epidemics, and yet on April 9, many around the world were shocked to learn that Covid-19 had taken its first victim among this relatively isolated Indigenous people of the Amazon rainforest along the Brazil-Venezuela border.The tragedy unfolding in the Amazon echoes what all human inhabitants of the planet are suffering.Covid-19: Lessons From the Yanomami', "(Reuters) - The U.S. death toll from the coronavirus outbreak could exceed 74,000 by August, according to the University of Washington's predictive model, often cited by White House officials and state public health authorities.The U.S. death toll from the coronavirus outbreak could exceed 74,000 by August, according to the University of Washington's predictive model, often cited by White House officials and state public health authorities.U.S. Coronavirus Deaths Projected at Over 74,000 by August", "SINGAPORE (Reuters - Singapore's health ministry on Tuesday confirmed 528 more coronavirus infections, the smallest daily rise in almost two weeks, taking the city-state's tally of cases to 14,951.SINGAPORE (Reuters - Singapore's health ministry on Tuesday confirmed 528 more coronavirus infections, the smallest daily rise in almost two weeks, taking the city-state's tally of cases to 14,951.Singapore Confirms 528 New Coronavirus Cases", 'VIENNA — Austria will take further steps to ease its lockdown on Friday, allowing events with up to 10 people and instructing the public they no longer need a specific reason to leave home, the government said on Tuesday.Austria will take further steps to ease its lockdown on Friday, allowing events with up to 10 people and instructing the public they no longer need a specific reason to leave home, the government said on Tuesday.Austria Loosens Lockdown Further, Allowing Events of Up to 10 People', 'KUALA LUMPUR — Malaysian health authorities on Tuesday reported 31 new coronavirus cases, raising the cumulative total to 5,851.Malaysian health authorities on Tuesday reported 31 new coronavirus cases, raising the cumulative total to 5,851.Malaysia Reports 31 New Coronavirus Cases and One Death', 'This month, Philadelphia transit police officers violently forced a man off a bus for not wearing a mask. In New York, Gov. Andrew Cuomo raised the maximum fine from $500 to $1,000 for breaking social-distancing protocols, and Mayor Bill de Blasio has deployed Police Department officers to enforce them and make arrests. In Kentucky, judges are ordering people who have tested positive for the coronavirus and have broken quarantine to be fitted with ankle monitors — with the threat of arrest if they leave their homes. In Florida, a judge ruled that people arrested for breaking quarantine can be held without bail.Punitive responses will just burden those who have already been hit hard by the coronavirus.We Can’t Police Our Way Out of a Pandemic', "HARARE — When Saul Sakudya arrived in an ambulance at a hospital in Zimbabwe's capital after catching COVID-19, he said the medical staff wouldn't go near him because they were afraid of becoming infected. When Saul Sakudya arrived in an ambulance at a hospital in Zimbabwe's capital after catching COVID-19, he said the medical staff wouldn't go near him because they were afraid of becoming infected. After Beating Coronavirus, a Zimbabwe Survivor Lives With the Stigma"], ['BEIJING — China delivered its strongest statement of confidence yet that it has tamed the country’s coronavirus epidemic, announcing on Wednesday it would hold a much-delayed top political gathering late next month and ease quarantine restrictions in the capital.The Communist Party is eager to use its most important political spectacle to project confidence in the face of economic challenges and foreign criticism.China Sets Date for Congress, Signaling Coronavirus Is Under Control', 'My patients continue to have medical problems that are not related to the coronavirus. But now, when I offer recommendations — especially those that possibly involve putting themselves at risk of contracting a Covid-19 infection — they often reject my advice.When should the fear of catching a virus, and one that usually causes a mild infection, outweigh the need to address urgent medical issues?Weighing Risks for My Patients at a Time of Covid-19', "GENEVA — A mother checking on her ex-husband's sexual habits to protect their asthmatic child; a retiree frustrated with a neighbour who talks loudly on late-night conference calls; a woman angry with a family downstairs for hosting large play dates.A mother checking on her ex-husband's sexual habits to protect their asthmatic child; a retiree frustrated with a neighbour who talks loudly on late-night conference calls; a woman angry with a family downstairs for hosting large play dates.In Lockdown,' Desperate' Swiss Turn to Snooping and Snitching", "UNDATED — A secretive evangelical church in North Carolina says hysteria over the coronavirus may have motivated a former member with a gun to break into the home of one of the sect’s top ministers, but the now-jailed suspect said he was on drugs and doesn’t know why he ended up in the communal house.A secretive evangelical church in North Carolina says hysteria over the coronavirus may have motivated a former member with a gun to break into the home of one of the sect’s top ministers, but the now-jailed suspect said he was on drugs and doesn’t know why he ended up in the communal house.Ex-Congregant Charged With Breaking Into Minister's Home", "SINGAPORE — A Singaporean man who broke his coronavirus quarantine with 30 minutes remaining to buy prata flatbread worth a few dollars was fined $1,000, the latest in a string of tough punishments for those who breach the city-state's COVID-19 containment rules.A Singaporean man who broke his coronavirus quarantine with 30 minutes remaining to buy prata flatbread worth a few dollars was fined $1,000, the latest in a string of tough punishments for those who breach the city-state's COVID-19 containment rules.Singaporeans Who Break Quarantine for Food Pay Hefty Bill", "BEIJING — China's factories suffered a collapse in export orders in April, twin surveys showed, suggesting a full-blown recovery appeared some way off as the coronavirus health crisis shut down large parts of the world economy. China's factories suffered a collapse in export orders in April, twin surveys showed, suggesting a full-blown recovery appeared some way off as the coronavirus health crisis shut down large parts of the world economy. Chinese Factories Struggle to Fire in April as Slump in Export Orders Deepens", 'The Latest on the coronavirus pandemic. The new coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms for most people. For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness or death.The Latest on the coronavirus pandemic. The new coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms for most people. For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness or death.The Latest: India Touts Gains in Curbing Virus With Lockdown', 'President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence participated in a meeting on Wednesday with industry executives about reopening the economy.Calls to respond to an allegation, and promising coronavirus news: This is your morning tip sheet.On Politics: Pressure Grows on Biden', '新冠病毒疫情最新消息Britain shrouds science advice in secrecy. Pakistani imams and Ukrainian monks fight lockdown orders. A deeply divided E.U. moves ahead with an aid package.In Ecuador, Coronavirus Deaths Go Uncounted', '(Reuters) - World number one Novak Djokovic said he initially struggled to cope with the uncertainty surrounding when tennis can restart after its shutdown in early March due to the novel coronavirus.World number one Novak Djokovic said he initially struggled to cope with the uncertainty surrounding when tennis can restart after its shutdown in early March due to the novel coronavirus.Fan of Routine, Djokovic Finds It Tough to Adjust to Uncertainty'], ["WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve on Monday broadened its help for local governments, offering to buy bonds of up to three years' duration from counties with as few as 500,000 residents and cities with as few as 250,000 residents.The Federal Reserve on Monday broadened its help for local governments, offering to buy bonds of up to three years' duration from counties with as few as 500,000 residents and cities with as few as 250,000 residents.U.S. Fed Extends Help on Bond-Buying to Smaller Cities and Counties", "MEXICO CITY — Mexico's health ministry reported on Monday 852 new known coronavirus cases and 83 new deaths, bringing the total to 15,529 known cases and 1,434 deaths.Mexico's health ministry reported on Monday 852 new known coronavirus cases and 83 new deaths, bringing the total to 15,529 known cases and 1,434 deaths.Mexico Reports 852 New Coronavirus Cases, 83 Deaths", 'WASHINGTON — Attorney General William Barr on Monday ordered federal prosecutors across the U.S. to identify coronavirus-related restrictions from state and local governments “that could be violating the constitutional rights and civil liberties of individual citizens.”Attorney General William Barr on Monday ordered federal prosecutors across the U.S. to identify coronavirus-related restrictions from state and local governments “that could be violating the constitutional rights and civil liberties of individual citizens.”Barr to Prosecutors: Look for Unconstitutional Virus Rules', 'LONDON — Families of British health and care workers who die on the frontline of the COVID-19 pandemic will be paid 60,000 pounds ($74,472) as part of a new life assurance scheme, Health Secretary Matt Hancock said on Monday.Families of British health and care workers who die on the frontline of the COVID-19 pandemic will be paid 60,000 pounds ($74,472) as part of a new life assurance scheme, Health Secretary Matt Hancock said on Monday.Britain to Pay $75,000 to Families of Health Workers Who Die of COVID-19', "WASHINGTON — The U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee launched an investigation on Monday of President Donald Trump's blocking of funds for the World Health Organization, giving the State Department a week to provide information about the decision as the world faces the coronavirus pandemic.The U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee launched an investigation on Monday of President Donald Trump's blocking of funds for the World Health Organization, giving the State Department a week to provide information about the decision as the world faces the coronavirus pandemic.U.S. House Committee Launches Probe of Trump WHO Aid Cutoff", "LONDON — A World Bank pandemic funding programme will see $195.84 million distributed as soon as next week among 64 of the world's poorest countries that have reported cases of COVID-19 to help tackle the fast-spreading disease, the lender said on Monday.A World Bank pandemic funding programme will see $195.84 million distributed as soon as next week among 64 of the world's poorest countries that have reported cases of COVID-19 to help tackle the fast-spreading disease, the lender said on Monday.World Bank Pandemic Bonds Will Funnel $196 Million to 64 Poor Countries", "PARIS — France became the fourth country to report more than 23,000 coronavirus-linked fatalities on Monday, while the number of new confirmed cases rose at its sharpest pace in almost two weeks.France became the fourth country to report more than 23,000 coronavirus-linked fatalities on Monday, while the number of new confirmed cases rose at its sharpest pace in almost two weeks.France's Coronavirus Death Toll Passes 23,000", 'LONDON — The British government came under heightened pressure to disclose details about a secretive scientific advisory group after a report on Friday that a top political aide to Prime Minister Boris Johnson had taken part in the group’s meetings on the coronavirus pandemic.Dominic Cummings, a major Brexit strategist, took part in Britain’s top scientific advisory group, but only to listen and offer help, the government said.Boris Johnson Aide Attended Secretive U.K. Coronavirus Panel', 'Frustrations had been building inside juvenile detention centers nationwide as the number of coronavirus cases continued to climb. So when Nicole Hingle got the call from her 17-year-old son, Jace, she was not surprised. He told her nearly 40 kids had rioted inside the Bridge City facility in Louisiana where he is detained. More than a dozen youths escaped from another Louisiana lockup this month.Frustrations had been building inside juvenile detention centers nationwide as the number of coronavirus cases continued to climb. So when Nicole Hingle got the call from her 17-year-old son, Jace, she was not surprised. He told her nearly 40 kids had rioted inside the Bridge City facility in Louisiana where he is detained. More than a dozen youths escaped from another Louisiana lockup this month.Riots and Fear as Coronavirus Hits US Juvenile Centers', 'AMMAN — Jordan on Monday eased restrictions on movement aimed at containing the spread of the coronavirus and allowed more businesses to reopen to help jump-start the cash-strapped economy, officials said.Jordan on Monday eased restrictions on movement aimed at containing the spread of the coronavirus and allowed more businesses to reopen to help jump-start the cash-strapped economy, officials said.Jordan Eases Coronavirus Curfew and Reopens More Businesses'], ["SANTIAGO/GENEVA — Chile's top health official said on Monday that a patient recovered from COVID-19 had little chance of contracting the disease again for least three months, flaunting guidance from World Health Organization scientists who warn of scant evidence for such claims.Chile's top health official said on Monday that a patient recovered from COVID-19 had little chance of contracting the disease again for least three months, flaunting guidance from World Health Organization scientists who warn of scant evidence for such claims.Chile's Top Health Official Flaunts WHO Guidance, Says Recovered COVID-19 Patients Immune", "RIO DE JANEIRO — Latin America's largest nation is moving closer to becoming one of the world’s hardest hit by the coronavirus pandemic. The number of cases in Brazil is growing amid political discord over the nation's response, threatening to overwhelm hospitals, morgues and cemeteries. Latin America's largest nation is moving closer to becoming one of the world’s hardest hit by the coronavirus pandemic. The number of cases in Brazil is growing amid political discord over the nation's response, threatening to overwhelm hospitals, morgues and cemeteries. At a Glance: Brazil Buckles Under Spread of New Coronavirus", 'WASHINGTON — President Trump’s re-election campaign and the Republican National Committee said Monday they had raised $212 million in the first three months of 2020, a signal that despite a global pandemic that has put a halt on high-dollar fund-raising events, Mr. Trump’s operation has continued to raise money at a brisk clip.The big fund-raising haul, even in a quarter that ended as the coronavirus upended the economy, is another indicator of the president’s cash advantage heading into the general election.Trump Re-Election Efforts Raise $212 Million for First Quarter of 2020', 'President Trump’s self-assessment has been consistent.The president has often said he is exceptionally smart. His recent suggestion about injecting disinfectants was not.Trump’s Disinfectant Remark Raises a Question About the ‘Very Stable Genius’', 'DETROIT — Ohio Governor Mike DeWine outlined "first steps" toward reopening the state\'s economy on Monday, diverging from Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer who said she would not be held to "artificial timelines" while fighting the COVID-19 pandemic.Ohio Governor Mike DeWine outlined "first steps" toward reopening the state\'s economy on Monday, diverging from Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer who said she would not be held to "artificial timelines" while fighting the COVID-19 pandemic.Ohio, Michigan Governors Diverge on Plans to Reopen During Pandemic', 'CHICAGO — Cook County Jail in Chicago must do more to ensure social distancing among its 4,000 inmates to stem the spread of the coronavirus that’s already killed six detainees and one guard at the facility, a federal judge ruled Monday. Cook County Jail in Chicago must do more to ensure social distancing among its 4,000 inmates to stem the spread of the coronavirus that’s already killed six detainees and one guard at the facility, a federal judge ruled Monday. Judge to Chicago Jail: Do More to Protect Inmates From Virus', 'WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday that China could have stopped the coronavirus before it swept the globe and said his administration was conducting "serious investigations" into what happened.U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday that China could have stopped the coronavirus before it swept the globe and said his administration was conducting "serious investigations" into what happened.Trump Faults China for Coronavirus\' Spread, Says U.S. Investigating', 'Brazil is emerging as potentially the next big hot spot for the new coronavirus amid President Jair Bolsonaro’s insistence that it is just a “little flu.”Brazil is emerging as potentially the next big hot spot for the new coronavirus amid President Jair Bolsonaro’s insistence that it is just a “little flu.”What You Need to Know Today About the Virus Outbreak', 'WASHINGTON — Congress is plunging ahead on a new coronavirus relief package, but deepening partisan divide and uncertainty in the schedule could stall the federal response to the health crisis and deteriorating U.S. economy. Congress is plunging ahead on a new coronavirus  relief package, but deepening partisan divide and uncertainty in the schedule could stall the federal response to the health crisis and deteriorating U.S. economy. Congress Set to Reopen, but New Virus Aid Faces Divisions', 'WASHINGTON — Additional funding for state and local governments whose finances have been battered amid the novel coronavirus outbreak could come in two separate bills, U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on Tuesday as lawmakers weighed future relief.Additional funding for state and local governments whose finances have been battered amid the novel coronavirus outbreak could come in two separate bills, U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on Tuesday as lawmakers weighed future relief.Pelosi Says State, Local Government Aid Could Come in Two Parts'], ["LONDON — A World Bank pandemic funding programme will see $195.84 million distributed as soon as next week among 64 of the world's poorest countries that have reported cases of COVID-19 to help tackle the fast-spreading disease, the lender said on Monday.A World Bank pandemic funding programme will see $195.84 million distributed as soon as next week among 64 of the world's poorest countries that have reported cases of COVID-19 to help tackle the fast-spreading disease, the lender said on Monday.World Bank Pandemic Bonds Will Funnel $196 Million to 64 Poor Countries", 'WASHINGTON — Congress is plunging ahead on a new coronavirus relief package, but deepening partisan divide and uncertainty in the schedule could stall the federal response to the health crisis and deteriorating U.S. economy. Congress is plunging ahead on a new coronavirus  relief package, but deepening partisan divide and uncertainty in the schedule could stall the federal response to the health crisis and deteriorating U.S. economy. Congress Set to Reopen, but New Virus Aid Faces Divisions', 'WASHINGTON — Attorney General William Barr on Monday ordered federal prosecutors across the U.S. to identify coronavirus-related restrictions from state and local governments “that could be violating the constitutional rights and civil liberties of individual citizens.”Attorney General William Barr on Monday ordered federal prosecutors across the U.S. to identify coronavirus-related restrictions from state and local governments “that could be violating the constitutional rights and civil liberties of individual citizens.”Barr to Prosecutors: Look for Unconstitutional Virus Rules', 'Brazil is emerging as potentially the next big hot spot for the new coronavirus amid President Jair Bolsonaro’s insistence that it is just a “little flu.”Brazil is emerging as potentially the next big hot spot for the new coronavirus amid President Jair Bolsonaro’s insistence that it is just a “little flu.”What You Need to Know Today About the Virus Outbreak', "MEXICO CITY — Mexico's health ministry reported on Monday 852 new known coronavirus cases and 83 new deaths, bringing the total to 15,529 known cases and 1,434 deaths.Mexico's health ministry reported on Monday 852 new known coronavirus cases and 83 new deaths, bringing the total to 15,529 known cases and 1,434 deaths.Mexico Reports 852 New Coronavirus Cases, 83 Deaths", 'In this unnatural state of isolation, photographers show us the things that bind.In this unnatural state of isolation, photographers show us the things that bind.Still Lives', 'As awareness of the coronavirus pandemic has spread throughout the United States, doctors who monitor activity at poison call centers have noticed an alarming trend: a significant increase in accidental exposures to household cleaners and disinfectants.A new study suggests a link between the increase and recommendations to clean and disinfect.As Coronavirus Spreads, Poison Hotlines See Rise in Accidents With Cleaning Products', 'It was at a midday briefing last month that President Trump first used the White House telecast to promote two antimalarial drugs in the fight against the coronavirus.Prescriptions for two antimalarial drugs jumped by 46 times the average when the president promoted them on TV. There’s no proof they work against Covid-19.Prescriptions Surged as Trump Praised Drugs in Coronavirus Fight', "WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is exaggerating the availability of coronavirus tests in the U.S. as he urges governors to consider lifting stay-at-home orders and help get the economy moving again.President Donald Trump is exaggerating the availability of coronavirus tests in the U.S. as he urges governors to consider lifting stay-at-home orders and help get the economy moving again.AP FACT CHECK: Trump's Wayward Claims on Virus Tests, Cures", 'PRODIGAL SON 9 p.m. on Fox. There are few subjects as rich in storytelling potential as parent-child conflict and law enforcement. This series, which wraps its first season tonight, includes a lot of both. It follows Malcolm Bright (Tom Payne), an N.Y.P.D. investigator who is trying to evade the legacy of his serial killer father, Martin Whitly (Michael Sheen). His attempts to distance himself from his paternal inheritance were stymied when a copycat case required him to turn to Martin for help. Last week’s episode ended with Malcolm being arrested and charged with an offscreen murder. In the finale, perhaps we’ll see if he has followed in his father’s bloody footsteps.The Martin Freeman comedy comes to a close. And a new Netflix series from Mindy Kaling makes its debut.What’s on TV Monday: ‘Breeders’ and ‘Never Have I Ever’'], ["WASHINGTON — U.S. drug regulators may announce their decision allowing emergency use of Gilead Science Inc's experimental coronavirus drug remdesivir as soon as Wednesday, the New York Times reported, citing an unnamed senior administration official. U.S. drug regulators may announce their decision allowing  emergency use of Gilead Science Inc's experimental coronavirus drug remdesivir as soon as Wednesday, the New York Times reported, citing an unnamed senior administration official. FDA May Announce Emergency Use of Gilead's Coronavirus Drug on Wednesday: NYT", 'DETROIT — Tesla reported that it eked out a first-quarter net profit Wednesday and its CEO went on a rant about the legality of government stay-home orders issued to prevent the coronavirus from spreading.Tesla reported that it eked out a first-quarter net profit Wednesday and its CEO went on a rant about the legality of government stay-home orders issued to prevent the coronavirus from spreading.Tesla Ekes Out 1Q Profit, Musk Rails Against Virus Measures', 'Modest results from a federal trial of an experimental drug helped send the stock market soaring on Wednesday, another sign of the desperation for a viable treatment against the coronavirus.Hope soared nonetheless. The F.D.A. is likely to issue an emergency approval, a senior official said.Remdesivir Shows Modest Benefits in Coronavirus Trial', 'BERLIN — The coronavirus epidemic must not be used as an excuse to hinder the work of international observers monitoring the ceasefire in force in Eastern Ukraine, German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas said on Thursday.The coronavirus epidemic must not be used as an excuse to hinder the work of international observers monitoring the ceasefire in force in Eastern Ukraine, German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas said on Thursday.Coronavirus No Excuse to Block Peace Monitoring in Eastern Ukraine: Foreign Ministers', 'There is little respite for the nurses working with coronavirus patients at N.Y.U. Langone Health.Nurses from N.Y.U. Langone Health describe the toll the coronavirus is taking on their patients, and on themselves.‘Patients Have Panic in Their Eyes’: Voices From a Covid-19 Unit', 'RIO DE JANEIRO/SANTIAGO — Last week, a mall in southern Brazil laid out a red carpet and welcomed back a stream of masked customers after the state loosened coronavirus lockdowns for commercial businesses. A saxophone player serenaded clients as they filed in. Last week, a mall in southern Brazil laid out a red carpet and welcomed back a stream of masked customers after the state loosened coronavirus lockdowns for commercial businesses. A saxophone player serenaded clients as they filed in. Latin America Wrestles With Reopening as Coronavirus Peak Looms', "WARSAW, Poland — All of Poland’s living former presidents, and many ex-prime ministers, said Thursday they will boycott next month’s presidential election that the ruling right-wing party is pushing for despite the coronavirus pandemic. All of Poland’s living former presidents, and many ex-prime ministers, said Thursday they will boycott next month’s presidential election that the ruling right-wing party is pushing for despite the coronavirus pandemic. Poland's Ex-Leaders to Boycott May Presidential Election", 'CHICAGO — In January, a mystery illness swept through a call center in a skyscraper on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. Close to 30 people in one department alone had symptoms — dry, deep coughs and fevers they could not shake. When they gradually returned to work after taking sick days, they sat in their cubicles looking wan and tired.New revelations have left people wondering about ailments early this year. Doctors are thinking back to unexplained cases. Medical examiners are looking for possible misdiagnosed deaths.Amid Signs Coronavirus Came Earlier, Americans Ask: Did I Already Have It?', 'WASHINGTON — President Trump is pressing his health officials to pursue a crash development program for a coronavirus vaccine that could be widely distributed by the beginning of next year, despite widespread skepticism that such an effort could succeed and considerable concern about the implications for safety.The president wants a coronavirus vaccine widely available by the end of the year, even though his public health experts say it will take at least a year to 18 months.Trump Seeks Push to Speed Vaccine, Despite Safety Concerns', "SINGAPORE — Singapore confirmed 528 new coronavirus cases on Thursday, its Health Ministry said, taking the city-state's total cases to 16,169.Singapore confirmed 528 new coronavirus cases on Thursday, its Health Ministry said, taking the city-state's total cases to 16,169.Singapore Reports 528 New Coronavirus Cases, Death Toll Rises to 15"], ["(Reuters) - It is a Ramadan like never before for Muslims across Asia as mosques that would normally be packed for prayers are deserted and in some places locked up as governments enforced measures to stem the spread of the novel coronavirus.It is a Ramadan like never before for Muslims across Asia as mosques that would normally be packed for prayers are deserted and in some places locked up as governments enforced measures to stem the spread of the novel coronavirus.Asia's Mosques Deserted as Coronavirus Keeps Ramadan Faithful Away", "BUDAPEST — Hungary's government plans to ease the lockdown that has kept the country's businesses shut and residents mostly at home since mid-March, according to the pro-government newspaper Magyar Nemzet, which published the outlines of the plans on Tuesday.Hungary's government plans to ease the lockdown that has kept the country's businesses shut and residents mostly at home since mid-March, according to the pro-government newspaper Magyar Nemzet, which published the outlines of the plans on Tuesday.Hungary to Ease Lockdown Restrictions, Magyar Nemzet Says", "ANTANANARIVO, Madagascar — As their high school reopened after being closed for a month due to the coronavirus, students in Madagascar's capital city were given face masks and a small bottle of an herbal extract they were told to drink to protect them from COVID-19.As their high school reopened after being closed for a month due to the coronavirus, students in Madagascar's capital city were given face masks and a small bottle of an herbal extract they were told to drink to protect them from COVID-19.Madagascar's President Touts Herbal Drink Against COVID-19", 'ANKARA — A Turkish military plane carrying medical supplies and protective equipment was heading for the United States on Tuesday to deliver aid to its NATO ally battling the coronavirus outbreak.A Turkish military plane carrying medical supplies and protective equipment was heading for the United States on Tuesday to deliver aid to its NATO ally battling the coronavirus outbreak.Turkey Flies Medical Aid to Coronavirus-Stricken U.S.', 'MOSCOW — When Brazilian IT worker Helios and Russian saleswoman Luiza tied the knot in St Petersburg in mid-March, their plan was to emigrate to Texas, where he was due to start a new job in May.When Brazilian IT worker Helios and Russian saleswoman Luiza tied the knot in St Petersburg in mid-March, their plan was to emigrate to Texas, where he was due to start a new job in May.Lockdown Honeymoon for Russian-Brazilian Couple-And Cherry the Dog', "LOS ANGELES — It started centuries ago as a symbol of peace, a gesture to prove you weren't holding a weapon, and over time it became part of almost every social, religious, professional, business and sporting exchange.It started centuries ago as a symbol of peace, a gesture to prove you weren't holding a weapon, and over time it became part of almost every social, religious, professional, business and sporting exchange.Hello, Social Distancing. Goodbye, Handshakes?", 'WASHINGTON — Visits to U.S. retail stores ticked up last week as some states began lifting restrictions imposed to fight the coronavirus pandemic, according to cellphone location information aggregated by data firm Unacast.Visits to U.S. retail stores ticked up last week as some states began lifting restrictions imposed to fight the coronavirus pandemic, according to cellphone location information aggregated by data firm Unacast.U.S. Store Visits Jump to March Levels as Some States Ease Restrictions', '(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here’s what you need to know.Coronavirus, Texas, Paycheck Protection Program: Your Tuesday Briefing', 'WARSAW — Polish voters should boycott a presidential election set for May 10 out of "basic human decency" because of the new coronavirus pandemic, Donald Tusk, leader of the centre-right European People\'s Party and a former prime minister, said on Tuesday.Polish voters should boycott a presidential election set for May 10 out of "basic human decency" because of the new coronavirus pandemic, Donald Tusk, leader of the centre-right European People\'s Party and a former prime minister, said on Tuesday.Tusk Urges Poles to Shun May Presidential Vote Out of \'Decency\'', 'BENI, Democratic Republic of Congo — An Ebola patient who escaped from a treatment centre in eastern Congo earlier this month has been hiding in an area controlled by local militia groups, local authorities and a World Health Organization (WHO) official said on Tuesday.An Ebola patient who escaped from a treatment centre in eastern Congo earlier this month has been hiding in an area controlled by local militia groups, local authorities and a World Health Organization (WHO) official said on Tuesday.Escaped Ebola Patient Hiding in Congo Militia-Held Area: Officials'], ['WASHINGTON — About a week after the first report of a Covid-19 case at a meatpacking plant in southwest Kansas in early April, the state’s governor, Laura Kelly, issued a pointed warning to President Trump: Without test kits to separate the well from the sick, a fast-moving outbreak could idle facilities that produce roughly one-quarter of the nation’s meat supply.In both red and blue states, governors, health departments and hospitals are finding innovative ways to cope, but still lack what experts say they need to track and contain outbreaks.Testing Remains Scarce as Governors Weigh Reopening States', 'LONDON — A contact-tracing app designed to let people know if they have been in close contact with someone who tested positive for COVID-19 could be rolled out widely in Britain in two to three weeks, a senior official said on Tuesday.A contact-tracing app designed to let people know if they have been in close contact with someone who tested positive for COVID-19 could be rolled out widely in Britain in two to three weeks, a senior official said on Tuesday.Contact-Tracing App for COVID-19 Could Be Rolled Out in 2-3 Weeks-Developer', "THE HAGUE — The Netherlands' number of confirmed coronavirus cases has risen by 171 to 38,416 health authorities said on Tuesday, with 48 new deaths.The Netherlands' number of confirmed coronavirus cases has risen by 171 to 38,416 health authorities said on Tuesday, with 48 new deaths.Dutch Coronavirus Cases Rise to 38,416, With 48 New Deaths-Health Authorities", 'LONDON — When Europe enacted the world’s toughest online privacy law nearly two years ago, it was heralded as a model to crack down on the invasive, data-hungry practices of the world’s largest technology companies.Nearly two years in, there has been little enforcement of the General Data Protection Regulation, once seen as ushering in a new era.Europe’s Privacy Law Hasn’t Shown Its Teeth, Frustrating Advocates', "NAPLES, Italy — Wood is burning again in Naples’ pizza ovens, giving a symbolic and savory boost to Neapolitans after two months of lockdown meant an end to their most iconic and favorite food. Wood is burning again in Naples’ pizza ovens, giving a symbolic and savory boost to Neapolitans after two months of lockdown meant an end to their most iconic and favorite food. Naples' Beloved Pizza Is Back After Virus Shutdown Eases", "WARSAW, Poland — Former European Council president Donald Tusk appealed Tuesday for a boycott of the upcoming presidential election in his native Poland, saying the postal vote the government has proposed carries health risks amid the coronavirus pandemic and would not meet democratic standards for free, equal and transparent elections. Former European Council president Donald Tusk appealed Tuesday for a boycott of the upcoming presidential election in his native Poland, saying the postal vote the government has proposed carries health risks amid the coronavirus pandemic and would not meet democratic standards for free, equal and transparent elections. Former EU Head Tusk Appeals for Boycott of Poland's Election", 'How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?Weekly News Quiz for Students: States Reopen, N.F.L. Draft, a Fiftieth Anniversary', 'Good morning.Tuesday: Dr. Sonia Angell, the state’s public health director, discusses troubling trends. Also: A remembrance of a Riverside County deputy.Why Covid-19 Is Deadlier for Black and Latino Californians', 'BERLIN — German doctors have posed naked online to protest a shortage of protective masks and gowns, which they say puts them at greater risk of catching the coronavirus.German doctors have posed naked online to protest a shortage of protective masks and gowns, which they say puts them at greater risk of catching the coronavirus.Stripping Naked for Masks: German Doctors Protest Lack of Protective Gear', "LONDON — Britain is on track to record one of the worst coronavirus death tolls in Europe, after data published on Tuesday showed nationwide fatalities topped 24,000 nine days ago.Britain is on track to record one of the worst coronavirus death tolls in Europe, after data published on Tuesday showed nationwide fatalities topped 24,000 nine days ago.UK on Track for One of Europe's Worst Virus Death Tolls"], ['As awareness of the coronavirus pandemic has spread throughout the United States, doctors who monitor activity at poison call centers have noticed an alarming trend: a significant increase in accidental exposures to household cleaners and disinfectants.A new study suggests a link between the increase and recommendations to clean and disinfect.As Coronavirus Spreads, Poison Hotlines See Rise in Accidents With Cleaning Products', 'In this unnatural state of isolation, photographers show us the things that bind.In this unnatural state of isolation, photographers show us the things that bind.Still Lives', 'LONDON — With governments distracted by the battle with the coronavirus, many analysts have assumed that Britain and the European Union will be forced to extend their year-end deadline for reaching a post-Brexit trade deal.The government is adamant that it will not seek an extension, saying it will reject the idea even if the European Union asks.Britain Is Sticking to Brexit Plans Despite Virus Upheaval', 'WASHINGTON — For President Trump, who adores the pomp and precision of military ceremonies, this was the year he would finally get one of the special perks of being president — delivering the commencement address at West Point, the only service academy where he has not spoken.The president’s off-again, on-again speech in June will bring back cadets who had scattered across the country to help counter the coronavirus.Trump Speech to Bring 1,000 West Point Cadets Back to Campus', 'By now most of us have seen the photos from the Wisconsin primary, where voters had to stand for hours in lines that wrapped around city blocks in cold, pouring rain. To exercise what was supposed to be their most sacred democratic right, people had to risk catching the deadly coronavirus — and several did.Republicans look the other way when electoral cheating helps them.Take It From Me, Voter Fraud Is Part of the G.O.P. Playbook', 'As scientists race to understand the coronavirus, the process of designing experiments, collecting data and submitting studies to journals for expert review is being compressed drastically. What typically takes many months is happening in weeks, even as some journals are receiving double their normal number of submissions. Science, one of the world’s most selective research outlets, published the structure of the spiky protein that the virus uses to enter host cells — crucial knowledge for designing a vaccine and antiviral drugs — nine days after receiving it, according to Holden Thorp, the journal’s editor in chief. “It’s the same process going extremely fast,” he says. Is there precedent in Science’s 140-year history? “Not that anybody can remember.”What does it mean for science — and public health — that scientific journals are now publishing research at warp speed?Coronavirus Is Forcing Medical Research to Speed Up', 'LONDON — Daily tests for coronavirus. Only two people in the gym at a time. Players dressing for practice at home.Spain’s top leagues will create a hygienic cocoon for teams readying for a return to action.Spain Plans to Play Soccer Again … Very Carefully', 'One of every five New York City residents tested positive for antibodies to the coronavirus, according to preliminary results described by Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo on Thursday that suggested that the virus had spread far more widely than known.Accurate antibody testing is a critical tool to determine if the pandemic has slowed enough to begin restarting the economy.1 in 5 New Yorkers May Have Had Covid-19, Antibody Tests Suggest', 'Before the coronavirus pandemic brought air travel to a near standstill, airlines operated 40 daily flights from Westchester County Airport.Westchester County Airport, north of New York City, is closing temporarily, using the time to complete long-planned construction.Few Travelers, Few Flights and Now, a Total Airport Shutdown', 'QUITO, Ecuador — With bodies abandoned on sidewalks, slumped in wheelchairs, packed into cardboard coffins and stacked by the hundreds in morgues, it is clear that Ecuador has been devastated by the coronavirus.A New York Times analysis suggests that Ecuador’s death toll is 15 times higher than its official tally of coronavirus deaths, highlighting the damage the virus can do in developing countries.Ecuador’s Death Toll During Outbreak Is Among the Worst in the World'], ["LONDON — British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's fiancée, Carrie Symonds, gave birth to a baby boy at a London hospital on Wednesday, slightly earlier than had been expected.British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's fiancée, Carrie Symonds, gave birth to a baby boy at a London hospital on Wednesday, slightly earlier than had been expected.British PM Johnson's Fiancée Gives Birth to Boy Amid Coronavirus Crisis", 'Peace Corps volunteers and other national service participants who lost their positions during the coronavirus pandemic will now be eligible for unemployment benefits as part of the $2 trillion economic relief plan, according to guidance released by the Department of Labor this week.In previous years, returned volunteers were not eligible for unemployment benefits, but they will now be covered by the coronavirus relief plan.Peace Corps Volunteers Can Get Unemployment Benefits, Officials Say', '(Reuters) - European stocks rose on Wednesday, as positive developments regarding a potential COVID-19 treatment bolstered a rally in banks and oil stocks and shares in sensor specialist AMS jumped on upbeat earnings. European stocks rose on Wednesday, as positive developments regarding a potential COVID-19 treatment bolstered a rally in banks and oil stocks and shares in sensor specialist AMS jumped on upbeat earnings. European Shares Rise on COVID-19 Drug Hopes, Upbeat Outlook From Corporates', 'WASHINGTON — Capt. Brett E. Crozier should be restored to command of the aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt, the Navy’s top officials recommended on Friday.Capt. Brett E. Crozier, who was removed from command after sending a letter pleading for help to fight the coronavirus on his aircraft carrier, was largely cleared after Navy review.Navy Leaders Recommend Reinstating Roosevelt Captain Fired Over Virus Warning', 'The view is not bad from Eric Jokisch’s 16th-floor apartment in Seoul, South Korea. He can see cherry blossoms in bloom in the trees, and can locate the former stadium of his baseball team, the Kiwoom Heroes. But Jokisch cannot leave.Foreign players in the Korean Baseball Organization who went home during the peak of South Korea’s outbreak are self-isolating as the league aims to resume exhibitions later this month.In Korea, Watching ‘Tiger King’ and Training for Baseball Alone', 'WASHINGTON — A key House subcommittee chairwoman said on Thursday that she planned to hold hearings into the departure of Rick Bright, who said he was removed as the head of an agency involved in developing a coronavirus vaccine after he pressed for rigorous vetting of unproven drugs embraced by President Trump to combat the virus.The chairwoman of the Energy and Commerce health subcommittee said she planned to hold hearings on Rick Bright’s dismissal as the head of an agency helping to develop a coronavirus vaccine.House to Examine Ouster of Health Official Who Doubted Drugs Trump Pushed', 'The New York Times has made a free e-book with answers your coronavirus questions. It features more than two dozen chapters on how you can reduce your risk, what you can do to protect others, what scientists have learned, what to do if you’re worried about the stock market and more. You can download it on Apple Books and elsewhere. Below is an excerpt.Seasonal allergy symptoms differ from those caused by viral infections like influenza or the coronavirus.Your Nose Itches. Is It Allergies, Flu or the Coronavirus?', 'EGG HARBOR, N.J. — Jean Wickham’s two sons are in college. Her husband has worked at the same New Jersey casino for 36 years.“We’ve never had to rely on anyone else,” said one food bank visitor. But now, pushed to the edge of hunger, many unemployed New Jersey residents are asking for help for the first time.Food Lines a Mile Long in America’s Second-Wealthiest State', 'As we enter April, caring for those sick with Covid-19 and preventing others from becoming so remains the priority in New York City, as in the rest of the country. But how can we look out for others particularly affected by the crisis? Citywide closures of nonessential services have devastated the arts at every level: Exhibition and performance spaces have shuttered indefinitely, and thousands of New Yorkers working in creative industries, many of them freelancers, have seen their livelihoods disappear with no assurances about when they’ll be able to work again. Many of these people also work in bars and restaurants, the closures of which threaten to change the face of the industry forever — the longer a restaurant stays closed, restaurateurs will tell you, the harder it will be to reopen.With exhibition and performance spaces shuttered, artists are relying on the generosity of patrons.Where to Donate to Bolster a Quieted Arts Scene', 'Starry (and often epically long) concerts are a Metropolitan Opera stock in trade.More than 40 artists will participate in the April 25 event, which comes as the company faces up to $60 million in losses because of the coronavirus pandemic.Shut by Virus, Met Opera Announces Starry ‘At Home’ Concert'], ['TOKYO — The Bank of Japan expanded monetary stimulus on Monday and pledged to buy an unlimited amount of bonds to keep borrowing costs low, as the government tries to spend its way out of the growing economic pain from the coronavirus pandemic.The Bank of Japan expanded monetary stimulus on Monday and pledged to buy an unlimited amount of bonds to keep borrowing costs low, as the government tries to spend its way out of the growing economic pain from the coronavirus pandemic.Bank of Japan Expands Stimulus as Pandemic Pain Worsens', "MANILA — A music video produced by China to promote its support for neighbours battling the coronavirus has backfired in the Philippines, attracting a flood of public criticism and an online petition that is fast attracting signatures.A music video produced by China to promote its support for neighbours battling the coronavirus has backfired in the Philippines, attracting a flood of public criticism and an online petition that is fast attracting signatures.Blow for China's Virus Diplomacy as Friendship Song Leaves Filipinos Furious", 'SEOUL, South Korea — There was one state event that the secretive leader of North Korea, Kim Jong-un, never missed: a visit to the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun every April 15 to mark the birthday of his grandfather, the founder of the dynastic regime. In the mausoleum, both his grandfather and his father lie in state.South Korean officials questioned the accuracy of news reports that Mr. Kim was recovering from heart surgery. But rumors persist.Speculation Over Kim Jong-un’s Health Is Fueled by North Korea’s Own Secrecy', 'BRUSSELS — Belgian hospitals admitted the lowest number of COVID-19 patients since the start of the lockdown almost seven weeks ago, figures showed on Monday, a week before the country starts to ease restrictions.Belgian hospitals admitted the lowest number of COVID-19 patients since the start of the lockdown almost seven weeks ago, figures showed on Monday, a week before the country starts to ease restrictions.Belgian COVID-19 Hospital Entries at Lowest Since Lockdown Start', "WASHINGTON — During times of war and strife, national leaders often aim to unite a broken country and, in the process, broaden their appeal beyond their most loyal supporters. Not President Donald Trump.During times of war and strife, national leaders often aim to unite a broken country and, in the process, broaden their appeal beyond their most loyal supporters. Not President Donald Trump.Trump's Focus on His Base Complicates Path to Reelection", 'BOSTON — Before her double-lung transplant, Joanne Mellady could barely put on a shirt without losing her breath. Afterwards, she barely stopped moving.Before her double-lung transplant, Joanne Mellady could barely put on a shirt without losing her breath. Afterwards, she barely stopped moving.Lives Lost: Virus Fells Double-Lung Transplant Daredevil', 'LONDON — Formula One hopes to start its delayed 2020 season in Austria in July without spectators before ending in Abu Dhabi in December after races in Asia and the Americas, chairman and CEO Chase Carey said on Monday.Formula One hopes to start its delayed 2020 season in Austria in July without spectators before ending in Abu Dhabi in December after races in Asia and the Americas, chairman and CEO Chase Carey said on Monday.F1 Expects to Start Delayed Season in Austria in July', 'Their reasons may differ, but crafters agree: Makers gotta make. Those who create things by hand — who weld, weave, play in clay or paints — are pursuing their passions the best they can during the coronavirus pandemic. Their reasons may differ, but crafters agree: Makers gotta make. Those who create things by hand — who weld, weave, play in clay or paints — are pursuing their passions the best they can during the coronavirus pandemic. Makers Gotta Make: Finding Solace, Joy in Dangerous Times', "(Reuters) - British sprinter Desiree Henry will prioritise her health and family's well-being over competing at the Tokyo Olympics next year if the COVID-19 pandemic has not been brought under control.British sprinter Desiree Henry will prioritise her health and family's well-being over competing at the Tokyo Olympics next year if the COVID-19 pandemic has not been brought under control.British Sprinter Henry Says Will Put Health Before Olympics", 'Bill Rodger, 91, often finds himself sitting on a worn flower-print couch in his living room in North Hollywood, Calif., facing a wall of accolades that document his long life.Combating loneliness is vital work. Services that offer “grandkids on demand” are doing just that.Be a Friend to the Elderly, Get Paid'], ['This story was originally published on Nov. 25, 2019 in NYT Parenting.For decades, parents have viewed their child’s spot on the growth chart as if it were a grade on a test. But how useful are these diagrams, really, in communicating the state of your child’s health?The Trouble With Growth Charts', "(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here's what you need to know.Coronavirus, Antibody Tests, Nova Scotia: Your Monday Briefing", 'Anjali Sud has never been busier. As the chief executive of Vimeo — a video-streaming platform with 175 million registered users —\xa0Ms. Sud is dealing with swelling traffic as the world, sheltering in place, looks for virtual connections.From her parents’ home, Vimeo’s Anjali Sud oversees 600 employees and surging demand for feeds of documentaries, yoga classes and funerals.The Pandemic Work Diary of a Video-Streaming C.E.O.', 'This story was originally published on June 7, 2019 in NYT Parenting.More than one million women take meds while breastfeeding their babies each year, yet we know shockingly little about how those drugs may affect their milk and their infants.Is It Safe to Take That Medication While Breastfeeding?', 'Simon and Carla Fowler are anchored in their catamaran about 650 feet off a deserted beach in the Bahamas, and they have a message for anyone locked down on land who wishes that they too could be self-isolating on the water.Folks who live on boats face off with land they can’t set foot on, staring down logistical hurdles, ethical issues and social media harshness.The Seas as the Ultimate Coronavirus Isolation? Not. So. Fast.', 'The rule of thumb, or rather feet, has been to stand six feet apart in public. That’s supposed to be a safe distance if a person nearby is coughing or sneezing and is infected with the novel coronavirus, spreading droplets that may carry virus particles.Most of the big droplets travel a mere six feet. The role of tiny aerosols is the “trillion-dollar question.”Stay 6 Feet Apart, We’re Told. But How Far Can Air Carry Coronavirus?', 'This guide was originally published on May 22, 2019 in NYT Parenting.The belief that it’s dangerous to exercise during pregnancy is common — but it’s wrong.How to Safely Exercise During Pregnancy', 'This story was originally published on April 23, 2019 on NYT Parenting.Use our developmental milestones to learn what most kids can do as they grow.Your 3-Month-Old', 'This story was originally published on April 22, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Use our developmental milestones to learn what most kids can do as they grow.Your 1-Year-Old', 'Many experts are beginning to coalesce around a set of benchmarks that could help determine when it might be safe to reopen parts of the country. But even though most areas of the United States are nowhere near achieving the goals necessary to do so, there has been a push to relax social distancing soon.A well-run system still led to a lockdown. Maybe the answer to the pandemic is a plan “on a scale that would previously be considered unimaginable.”Lesson From Singapore: Why We May Need to Think Bigger'], ['New York City, already a world epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, sharply increased its death toll by more than 3,700 victims on Tuesday, after officials said they were now including people who had never tested positive for the virus but were presumed to have died of it.The city has added more than 3,700 additional people who were presumed to have died of the coronavirus but had never tested positive.N.Y.C. Death Toll Soars Past 10,000 in Revised Virus Count', 'In the last Democratic debate, Joe Biden declared that he would nominate a woman as his vice-presidential running mate. That felt right at the time. But times have changed. Biden needs to go much, much further: At the Democratic convention he needs to name not just his vice president, but his entire cabinet. And it needs to be a totally different kind of cabinet — a national unity cabinet — from Democrats on the Bernie Sanders left to Republicans on the Mitt Romney right. Why?We need a political system that mirrors the best in us.What America Needs Next: A Biden National Unity Cabinet', 'How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?Weekly News Quiz for Students: U.S. Funding Halt, SAT Exams, Global Concert', 'The coronavirus has not yet exploded in the developing world, but poor countries are already suffering from the pandemic. Their economies have been battered by lockdowns, falling commodity prices, declining remittances, and unprecedented capital flight. Some $100 billion has fled emerging markets since January, five times more than in the 2008 crash.Poor countries are going to be decimated by the coronavirus. They need a serious rescue package.The World Has a $2.5 Trillion Problem. Here’s How to Solve It.', 'Sometimes people ask me what it takes to be a writer. The only things you have to do, I tell them, are read constantly; write for thousands of hours; and have the masochistic ability to absorb a great deal of rejection and isolation. As it turns out, these qualities have prepared me well to deal with life in the time of the coronavirus.Covid-19 is killing off the myth that we are the greatest country on earth.The Ideas That Won’t Survive the Coronavirus', 'HONG KONG — The images looked benign: a hand dangling chopsticks over a bowl of soup, a young man giving a thumbs up, a woman reclining in a bed at Ikea.Hong Kong’s bracelets seem to obliterate the temptation to go outside, even if they appear to be just a simple piece of paper.14 Days With a Quarantine Tracker Wristband: Does It Even Work?', ' [Want to get New York Today by email? Here’s the sign-up.]Fewer than 500 died of the coronavirus in New York State, the lowest single-day toll in more than two weeks.Coronavirus in N.Y.C.: Latest Updates', 'ISTANBUL — For weeks President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has presented Turkey’s performance in handling the coronavirus as one of the world’s most successful, as he maintained strict control over information about the outbreak.Istanbul recorded 2,100 more deaths over recent years between March and April, The Times found, suggesting a hidden toll.Istanbul Death Toll Hints Turkey Is Hiding a Wider Coronavirus Calamity', 'Florida officials, desperate to find N95 masks to protect health care workers from the coronavirus, arranged a deal last month from an unusual source: Daymond John, a star of the reality show “Shark Tank” and a founder of the street wear company Fubu.The company that makes the masks, 3M, said Daymond John’s firm The Shark Group was not an authorized distributor and appeared to have been selling them at an inflated price.Company Questions Deal by ‘Shark Tank’ Star to Sell N95 Masks to Florida', 'Fifty years ago, millions of people took to the streets to protest the air and water pollution that were making us sick. Today, millions are sheltering inside to try to stem the spread of a very different kind of sickness, Covid-19.The 1970 gathering ushered in significant achievements in protecting our environment. Now Trump is destroying them.Don’t Celebrate Earth Day. Fight for It.'], ['Read the latest developments in the coronavirus outbreak here.Singapore reported a sharp increase in new infections, many of them among migrant laborers. At a long-term care home in Montreal, two nurses, 150 beds and 31 deaths.Britain’s Coronavirus Lockdown Is Extended, and Putin Postpones Military Parade', '新冠病毒疫情最新消息Nearly 150,000 people with the virus have died. A dispute over coronavirus measures in Sudan’s capital has prompted fears that the military would use a lockdown to seize power.W.H.O. Failed to Tell Syrian Kurds of Their First Coronavirus Death: Live Coverage', 'Volunteer virus patrol squads are popping up across India. Neighborhoods are imposing extra rules and sealing themselves off. In rural areas, some carry sticks, sickles and pockets full of nails for puncturing the tires of cars they deem suspicious.The pandemic has reached Afghanistan’s presidential palace. Volunteers are stoking divisions as they tighten India’s lockdown.Chile to Issue Coronavirus ‘Immunity Cards’ to Those Who Recover', 'In Italy, the pandemic hit the wealthy north first and hardest, but the poorer south is also suffering deeply, amid fears that things there could get much worse.In southern Italy, the pandemic is choking an already fragile economy. Protests erupt in Lebanon.Coronavirus World Updates: U.N. Warns World Hunger Could Double as Global Economy Crashes', 'Marina Tarasova and John Levy were five months into the renovation of their two-bedroom co-op on the Upper East Side — contractor willing, just three months to go! — when word came from the co-op’s management company in mid-March that all construction and renovation projects would have to stop because of the coronavirus. With most construction projects deemed nonessential during the pandemic, apartment renovations have been frozen in a messy limbo.Renovation, Interrupted', '(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here’s what you need to know.Coronavirus, Tornadoes, N.F.L. Draft: Your Thursday Briefing', 'Two Tennessee brothers who stockpiled 17,700 bottles of hand sanitizer have avoided prosecution and a fine, but won’t recoup the thousands of dollars they spent on the supplies under the terms of a price-gouging settlement that the state attorney general announced this week.Matt and Noah Colvin reached a settlement this week with the state attorney general in the widely publicized price-gouging case.Tennessee Brothers Who Hoarded Hand Sanitizer Settle to Avoid Price-Gouging Fine', 'In any other year, N.F.L. facilities across the country would be buzzing this week, when teams are allowed to begin their off-season workout programs, the first organized football activities since they ended the prior season.This week, some N.F.L. teams will have their first organized football activities, even as coronavirus guidelines keep personnel away from team facilities.The N.F.L. Figures Out How to Team-Build From a Distance', 'Harvard University announced Wednesday that it would not accept $8.6 million in taxpayer money that the university was set to receive as part of an emergency relief package for higher education, whose losses have been mounting during the coronavirus pandemic.The university said it did not request $8.6 million in federal aid and would not apply for it.After Trump’s Criticism, Harvard Turns Down Federal Relief Money', 'This article is part of the On Tech newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it weekdays.The website’s features can lead people unwittingly to scary places.Take YouTube’s Dangers Seriously'], ['NEW YORK — New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio defended his tweets criticizing a large Orthodox Jewish funeral. Gov. Andrew Cuomo said daily deaths are down but still “disgustingly high.” Front-line health care workers and first responders will be mass tested for antibodies.New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio defended his tweets criticizing a large Orthodox Jewish funeral. Gov. Andrew Cuomo said daily deaths are down but still “disgustingly high.” Front-line health care workers and first responders will be mass tested for antibodies.NYC Mayor Takes Heat After Lashing Out at Jewish Funeral', 'LA PAZ — Bolivia will extend its lockdown against the COVID-19 pandemic until May 10, the government announced on Wednesday, while planning to relax stay-at-home rules in parts of the country little affected by the illness starting May 11.Bolivia will extend its lockdown against the COVID-19 pandemic until May 10, the government announced on Wednesday, while planning to relax stay-at-home rules in parts of the country little affected by the illness starting May 11.Bolivia Extends Coronavirus Lockdown Until May 10', 'Among our obligations during the coronavirus pandemic is a simple but difficult one: to stay home. The instruction to stay home when possible — and to avoid social contact when it is not — may come as an official order, a community or workplace recommendation, or as impassioned pleading from a friend or family member concerned about our health. But in each case, the reasoning behind it is the same: to avoid both catching the virus and transmitting it to others.Our obligations to one another won’t end when this crisis does.What Is Making You Stay at Home Right Now?', 'WASHINGTON — A sudden stop in tourism caused by border closures and lockdowns aimed at containing the coronavirus pandemic will cause a 6.2% contraction of the Caribbean economy in 2020, the deepest recession in over half a century, the IMF said on Wednesday.A sudden stop in tourism caused by border closures and lockdowns aimed at containing the coronavirus pandemic will cause a 6.2% contraction of the Caribbean economy in 2020, the deepest recession in over half a century, the IMF said on Wednesday.IMF Sees Caribbean Economy Shrinking 6.2% in 2020 Due to Pandemic', 'DETROIT — Tesla reported that it eked out a first-quarter net profit Wednesday and its CEO went on a rant about the legality of government stay-home orders issued to prevent the coronavirus from spreading.Tesla reported that it eked out a first-quarter net profit Wednesday and its CEO went on a rant about the legality of government stay-home orders issued to prevent the coronavirus from spreading.Tesla Ekes Out 1Q Profit, Musk Rails Against Virus Measures', "BANGKOK — Sri Lanka's government is reimposing a 24-hour curfew across the Indian Ocean island nation Thursday after a recent resurgence of coronavirus cases.Sri Lanka's government is reimposing a 24-hour curfew across the Indian Ocean island nation Thursday after a recent resurgence of coronavirus cases.Asia Today: Sri Lanka Reimposing Full Curfew Amid Resurgence", "BEIJING — China's factories suffered a collapse in export orders in April, twin surveys showed, suggesting a full-blown recovery appeared some way off as the coronavirus health crisis shut down large parts of the world economy. China's factories suffered a collapse in export orders in April, twin surveys showed, suggesting a full-blown recovery appeared some way off as the coronavirus health crisis shut down large parts of the world economy. Chinese Factories Struggle to Fire in April as Slump in Export Orders Deepens", "SINGAPORE — A Singaporean man who broke his coronavirus quarantine with 30 minutes remaining to buy prata flatbread worth a few dollars was fined $1,000, the latest in a string of tough punishments for those who breach the city-state's COVID-19 containment rules.A Singaporean man who broke his coronavirus quarantine with 30 minutes remaining to buy prata flatbread worth a few dollars was fined $1,000, the latest in a string of tough punishments for those who breach the city-state's COVID-19 containment rules.Singaporeans Who Break Quarantine for Food Pay Hefty Bill", "UNDATED — A secretive evangelical church in North Carolina says hysteria over the coronavirus may have motivated a former member with a gun to break into the home of one of the sect’s top ministers, but the now-jailed suspect said he was on drugs and doesn’t know why he ended up in the communal house.A secretive evangelical church in North Carolina says hysteria over the coronavirus may have motivated a former member with a gun to break into the home of one of the sect’s top ministers, but the now-jailed suspect said he was on drugs and doesn’t know why he ended up in the communal house.Ex-Congregant Charged With Breaking Into Minister's Home", 'While many professional sports leagues have paused operations during the coronavirus pandemic, the National Women’s Hockey League is forging ahead with ambitious plans for growth.The N.W.H.L. announced a new Toronto franchise with all-female leadership.With Pro Sports Paused, a Women’s Hockey League Expands'], ['The man stood in line, shaking with fever, one of countless others trying to cross the border and return to Haiti.The virus has been slow to hit the country. But as laid-off Haitians return from hard-hit areas, doctors are preparing furiously for an outbreak they fear will strain the nation’s threadbare health care system.Covid-19 Trickles Into Haiti: ‘This Monster Is Coming Our Way’', 'To the Editor:A doctor calls the reassigning of Rick Bright “among the worst decisions ever.” Also: Trump the landlord, Trump the tenant; a resurgence of family life.The Firing of the Vaccine Official', 'Molly Choma, a flight attendant for Alaska Airlines, had worked nearly every day since mid-March, even as the coronavirus outbreak devastated her industry. But last Sunday, she woke up alone in a room in a nearly empty hotel and wondered if it was time to stop.The coronavirus has terrified airline crews, yet some are still flying. “I just feel like I’m supposed to be here doing this work,” said one flight attendant.Flight Attendants and Pilots Ask, ‘Is It OK to Keep Working?’', "LONDON — British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's fiancée, Carrie Symonds, gave birth to a baby boy at a London hospital on Wednesday, slightly earlier than had been expected.British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's fiancée, Carrie Symonds, gave birth to a baby boy at a London hospital on Wednesday, slightly earlier than had been expected.British PM Johnson's Fiancée Gives Birth to Boy Amid Coronavirus Crisis", 'TOKYO — Postponing the 2020 Summer Olympics until next year has not erased doubts about safely hosting the world’s largest sporting event amid a global pandemic, but has merely delayed the timeline on answering them.A Japanese medical authority has raised doubt about staging the Games, even a year later than originally planned, unless an effective vaccine has been developed.Summer Olympics in 2021? ‘Exceedingly Difficult’ Without a Coronavirus Vaccine', 'Peace Corps volunteers and other national service participants who lost their positions during the coronavirus pandemic will now be eligible for unemployment benefits as part of the $2 trillion economic relief plan, according to guidance released by the Department of Labor this week.In previous years, returned volunteers were not eligible for unemployment benefits, but they will now be covered by the coronavirus relief plan.Peace Corps Volunteers Can Get Unemployment Benefits, Officials Say', '(Reuters) - European stocks rose on Wednesday, as positive developments regarding a potential COVID-19 treatment bolstered a rally in banks and oil stocks and shares in sensor specialist AMS jumped on upbeat earnings. European stocks rose on Wednesday, as positive developments regarding a potential COVID-19 treatment bolstered a rally in banks and oil stocks and shares in sensor specialist AMS jumped on upbeat earnings. European Shares Rise on COVID-19 Drug Hopes, Upbeat Outlook From Corporates', "WASHINGTON — More than half of all Americans either do not own smartphones or would not use apps backed by Alphabet Inc's Google and Apple Inc to trace who has been exposed to the new coronavirus, according to a poll by the Washington Post and University of Maryland released on Wednesday.More than half of all Americans either do not own smartphones or would not use apps backed by Alphabet Inc's Google and Apple Inc to trace who has been exposed to the new coronavirus, according to a poll by the Washington Post and University of Maryland released on Wednesday.Most Americans Cannot or Will Not Use COVID-19 Contact Tracing Apps: Poll", "Your daily look at nonvirus stories in the news:Your daily look at nonvirus stories in the news:5 Things to Know Today-That Aren't About the Virus", 'The Latest on the effects of the coronavirus outbreak on sports around the world:The Latest on the effects of the coronavirus outbreak on sports around the world:The Latest: Serena, Venus, Sharapova in Tennis Gaming Event'], ["PARIS — France became the fourth country to report more than 23,000 coronavirus-linked fatalities on Monday, while the number of new confirmed cases rose at its sharpest pace in almost two weeks.France became the fourth country to report more than 23,000 coronavirus-linked fatalities on Monday, while the number of new confirmed cases rose at its sharpest pace in almost two weeks.France's Coronavirus Death Toll Passes 23,000", 'LONDON — Families of British health and care workers who die on the frontline of the COVID-19 pandemic will be paid 60,000 pounds ($74,472) as part of a new life assurance scheme, Health Secretary Matt Hancock said on Monday.Families of British health and care workers who die on the frontline of the COVID-19 pandemic will be paid 60,000 pounds ($74,472) as part of a new life assurance scheme, Health Secretary Matt Hancock said on Monday.Britain to Pay $75,000 to Families of Health Workers Who Die of COVID-19', 'North Texas has more to offer than just the new Rangers ballpark should MLB decide to start the pandemic-delayed 2020 baseball season with teams grouped together in different regions. North Texas has more to offer than just the new Rangers ballpark should MLB decide to start the pandemic-delayed 2020 baseball season with teams grouped together in different regions. New Rangers Park Among Possible MLB Ideas for Season Start', '(Reuters) - Pharmacy retailers CVS Health Corp and Walgreens Boots Alliance on Monday unveiled plans to expand COVID-19 testing capabilities to meet increasing demand.Pharmacy retailers CVS Health Corp and Walgreens Boots Alliance on Monday unveiled plans to expand COVID-19 testing capabilities to meet increasing demand.CVS, Walgreens Ramp Up COVID-19 Testing Capabilities', 'President Trump’s self-assessment has been consistent.The president has often said he is exceptionally smart. His recent suggestion about injecting disinfectants was not.Trump’s Disinfectant Remark Raises a Question About the ‘Very Stable Genius’', 'CHICAGO — Cook County Jail in Chicago must do more to ensure social distancing among its 4,000 inmates to stem the spread of the coronavirus that’s already killed six detainees and one guard at the facility, a federal judge ruled Monday. Cook County Jail in Chicago must do more to ensure social distancing among its 4,000 inmates to stem the spread of the coronavirus that’s already killed six detainees and one guard at the facility, a federal judge ruled Monday. Judge to Chicago Jail: Do More to Protect Inmates From Virus', 'WASHINGTON — President Trump’s re-election campaign and the Republican National Committee said Monday they had raised $212 million in the first three months of 2020, a signal that despite a global pandemic that has put a halt on high-dollar fund-raising events, Mr. Trump’s operation has continued to raise money at a brisk clip.The big fund-raising haul, even in a quarter that ended as the coronavirus upended the economy, is another indicator of the president’s cash advantage heading into the general election.Trump Re-Election Efforts Raise $212 Million for First Quarter of 2020', 'DETROIT — Ohio Governor Mike DeWine outlined "first steps" toward reopening the state\'s economy on Monday, diverging from Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer who said she would not be held to "artificial timelines" while fighting the COVID-19 pandemic.Ohio Governor Mike DeWine outlined "first steps" toward reopening the state\'s economy on Monday, diverging from Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer who said she would not be held to "artificial timelines" while fighting the COVID-19 pandemic.Ohio, Michigan Governors Diverge on Plans to Reopen During Pandemic', 'WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday that China could have stopped the coronavirus before it swept the globe and said his administration was conducting "serious investigations" into what happened.U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday that China could have stopped the coronavirus before it swept the globe and said his administration was conducting "serious investigations" into what happened.Trump Faults China for Coronavirus\' Spread, Says U.S. Investigating', 'Brazil is emerging as potentially the next big hot spot for the new coronavirus amid President Jair Bolsonaro’s insistence that it is just a “little flu.”Brazil is emerging as potentially the next big hot spot for the new coronavirus amid President Jair Bolsonaro’s insistence that it is just a “little flu.”What You Need to Know Today About the Virus Outbreak'], ["BANGKOK — Sri Lanka's government is reimposing a 24-hour curfew across the Indian Ocean island nation Thursday after a recent resurgence of coronavirus cases.Sri Lanka's government is reimposing a 24-hour curfew across the Indian Ocean island nation Thursday after a recent resurgence of coronavirus cases.Asia Today: Sri Lanka Reimposing Full Curfew Amid Resurgence", "WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said Wednesday the federal government will not be extending its coronavirus social distancing guidelines once they expire Thursday, and his son-in-law and adviser, Jared Kushner, predicted that by July the country will be “really rocking again.”President Donald Trump said Wednesday the federal government will not be extending its coronavirus social distancing guidelines once they expire Thursday, and his son-in-law and adviser, Jared Kushner, predicted that by July the country will be “really rocking again.”Trump Says He Won't Extend Social Distancing Guidelines", 'WASHINGTON — A sudden stop in tourism caused by border closures and lockdowns aimed at containing the coronavirus pandemic will cause a 6.2% contraction of the Caribbean economy in 2020, the deepest recession in over half a century, the IMF said on Wednesday.A sudden stop in tourism caused by border closures and lockdowns aimed at containing the coronavirus pandemic will cause a 6.2% contraction of the Caribbean economy in 2020, the deepest recession in over half a century, the IMF said on Wednesday.IMF Sees Caribbean Economy Shrinking 6.2% in 2020 Due to Pandemic', "UNDATED — A secretive evangelical church in North Carolina says hysteria over the coronavirus may have motivated a former member with a gun to break into the home of one of the sect’s top ministers, but the now-jailed suspect said he was on drugs and doesn’t know why he ended up in the communal house.A secretive evangelical church in North Carolina says hysteria over the coronavirus may have motivated a former member with a gun to break into the home of one of the sect’s top ministers, but the now-jailed suspect said he was on drugs and doesn’t know why he ended up in the communal house.Ex-Congregant Charged With Breaking Into Minister's Home", "SINGAPORE — A Singaporean man who broke his coronavirus quarantine with 30 minutes remaining to buy prata flatbread worth a few dollars was fined $1,000, the latest in a string of tough punishments for those who breach the city-state's COVID-19 containment rules.A Singaporean man who broke his coronavirus quarantine with 30 minutes remaining to buy prata flatbread worth a few dollars was fined $1,000, the latest in a string of tough punishments for those who breach the city-state's COVID-19 containment rules.Singaporeans Who Break Quarantine for Food Pay Hefty Bill", 'We spend a lot of our days chatting with each other about things we see online, trying to make sense of it all. This week in the Styles newsletter, Wait …, Erin McCann, a breaking news editor; Amanda Hess, a critic-at-large; and Choire Sicha, Styles editor, discuss a strange phenomenon: good Twitter.Sort of.Wait … Is Twitter Good Now?', 'The Latest on the coronavirus pandemic. The new coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms for most people. For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness or death.The Latest on the coronavirus pandemic. The new coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms for most people. For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness or death.The Latest: India Touts Gains in Curbing Virus With Lockdown', "HANOI — Businessman Phan Quoc Viet was making his usual prayers at a pagoda in Tay Ninh, a province in southern Vietnam, when the government official's call came.Businessman Phan Quoc Viet was making his usual prayers at a pagoda in Tay Ninh, a province in southern Vietnam, when the government official's call came.After Aggressive Mass Testing, Vietnam Says It Contains Coronavirus Outbreak", "LONDON — Before the coronavirus, investors hungry for returns piled into risky corporate loans and bonds with precious little protection for creditors. Now they're frantically scouring the terms to see just what firms can get away with to survive the fallout.Before the coronavirus, investors hungry for returns piled into risky corporate loans and bonds with precious little protection for creditors. Now they're frantically scouring the terms to see just what firms can get away with to survive the fallout.The Devil's in the Detail for Junk Debt Investors Facing Coronavirus Defaults", "BEIJING — China's factories suffered a collapse in export orders in April, twin surveys showed, suggesting a full-blown recovery appeared some way off as the coronavirus health crisis shut down large parts of the world economy. China's factories suffered a collapse in export orders in April, twin surveys showed, suggesting a full-blown recovery appeared some way off as the coronavirus health crisis shut down large parts of the world economy. Chinese Factories Struggle to Fire in April as Slump in Export Orders Deepens"], ['UNITED NATIONS — The U.N. humanitarian chief said Monday that $90 billion could provide income support, food and a health response to the coronavirus pandemic for 700 million of the world’s most vulnerable people — a price tag just 1 percent of the $8 trillion stimulus package the 20 richest countries put in place to safeguard the global economy.The U.N. humanitarian chief said Monday that $90 billion could provide income support, food and a health response to the coronavirus pandemic for 700 million of the world’s most vulnerable people — a price tag just 1 percent of the $8 trillion stimulus package the 20 richest countries put in place to safeguard the global economy.UN: $90 Billion Could Protect 700 Million Poor in Pandemic', 'A new survey shows an increase in feelings of solidarity.A new survey shows an increase in feelings of solidarity.What Do You Owe Your Neighbor? The Pandemic Might Change Your Answer', 'If you’re like most people right now, you are spending a lot of time in front of screens. This makes sense: In a time of social distancing, screens have become our portals to the outside world.Being thoughtful about our use of screens can help us emerge from this crisis empowered and in control, and with more self-awareness.How to Create Screen-Life Balance When Life Has Shifted to Screens', 'The Federal Correctional Complex in Oakdale, La., is the site of the first fatal coronavirus outbreak in the federal prison system. F.C.C. Oakdale — which houses some 2,000 inmates and employs close to 500 staff members in two low-security prisons (Federal Correctional Institution Oakdale I and F.C.I. Oakdale II) as well as a minimum-security camp — provides the economic lifeblood for a town of fewer than 8,000 people and the surrounding parish. Many of F.C.C. Oakdale’s inmates are serving sentences for nonviolent offenses, like drug sales and financial fraud.An oral history of the first fatal outbreak in the federal prison system, in Oakdale, La.‘Something Is Going to Explode’: When Coronavirus Strikes a Prison', 'This article is part of the On Tech newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it weekdays.How we shop during the pandemic could have big consequences.We’re Shopping a Ton Online. Let’s Be Conscientious About It', 'Featured Article: “Imagine Online School in a Language You Don’t Understand” by Rikha Sharma RaniIn this lesson, students will consider the challenges of remote learning when you don’t speak the same language as the teacher. As a Going Further option, they can research what their school district is doing to support English-language learners.Lesson of the Day: ‘Imagine Online School in a Language You Don’t Understand’', 'It was at a midday briefing last month that President Trump first used the White House telecast to promote two antimalarial drugs in the fight against the coronavirus.Prescriptions for two antimalarial drugs jumped by 46 times the average when the president promoted them on TV. There’s no proof they work against Covid-19.Prescriptions Surged as Trump Praised Drugs in Coronavirus Fight', 'I have been practicing emergency medicine for 30 years. In 1994 I invented an imaging system for teaching intubation, the procedure of inserting breathing tubes. This led me to perform research into this procedure, and subsequently teach airway procedure courses to physicians worldwide for the last two decades.This is what I learned during 10 days of treating Covid pneumonia at Bellevue Hospital.The Infection That’s Silently Killing Coronavirus Patients', 'MOSCOW — As he headed off the ice after playing a hockey game in an amateur tournament in late March, the leader of Belarus brushed aside reporters’ anxious questions about the coronavirus pandemic.Under the autocratic rule of President Aleksandr G. Lukashenko, Belarus has yet to impose any restrictions to slow the virus. No, everything is not fine.‘There Are No Viruses Here’: Leader of Belarus Scoffs at Lockdowns', 'Alyson Stoner, 26, is an actress whose credits include various Disney and Nickelodeon productions. She has also independently developed an online audience of over one million who turn to her for advice about wellness and creativity.Josh Zimmerman is a life coach for creators, whose careers have become ever more consuming, uncertain and subject to scrutiny under coronavirus.Influencing? In This Economy? It’s Only Gotten More Competitive'], ['My patients continue to have medical problems that are not related to the coronavirus. But now, when I offer recommendations — especially those that possibly involve putting themselves at risk of contracting a Covid-19 infection — they often reject my advice.When should the fear of catching a virus, and one that usually causes a mild infection, outweigh the need to address urgent medical issues?Weighing Risks for My Patients at a Time of Covid-19', "GENEVA — A mother checking on her ex-husband's sexual habits to protect their asthmatic child; a retiree frustrated with a neighbour who talks loudly on late-night conference calls; a woman angry with a family downstairs for hosting large play dates.A mother checking on her ex-husband's sexual habits to protect their asthmatic child; a retiree frustrated with a neighbour who talks loudly on late-night conference calls; a woman angry with a family downstairs for hosting large play dates.In Lockdown,' Desperate' Swiss Turn to Snooping and Snitching", 'NIJAR, Spain — In shanty towns outside the polythene-covered market gardens of Almeria in southern Spain, doctors\' charity "Medicos del Mundo" provides health checks and food to migrants left without work during the coronavirus outbreak.In shanty towns outside the polythene-covered market gardens of Almeria in southern Spain, doctors\' charity "Medicos del Mundo" provides health checks and food to migrants left without work during the coronavirus outbreak.In Spain\'s Market Gardens, Migrants Left Jobless Under Coronavirus Lockdown', 'RIO DE JANEIRO/SANTIAGO — Last week, a mall in southern Brazil laid out a red carpet and welcomed back a stream of masked customers after the state loosened coronavirus lockdowns for commercial businesses. A saxophone player serenaded clients as they filed in. Last week, a mall in southern Brazil laid out a red carpet and welcomed back a stream of masked customers after the state loosened coronavirus lockdowns for commercial businesses. A saxophone player serenaded clients as they filed in. Latin America Wrestles With Reopening as Coronavirus Peak Looms', 'CHICAGO — In January, a mystery illness swept through a call center in a skyscraper on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. Close to 30 people in one department alone had symptoms — dry, deep coughs and fevers they could not shake. When they gradually returned to work after taking sick days, they sat in their cubicles looking wan and tired.New revelations have left people wondering about ailments early this year. Doctors are thinking back to unexplained cases. Medical examiners are looking for possible misdiagnosed deaths.Amid Signs Coronavirus Came Earlier, Americans Ask: Did I Already Have It?', 'By the time New York City confirmed its first case of the coronavirus on March 1, thousands of infections were already silently spreading through the city, a hidden explosion of a disease that many still viewed as a remote threat as the city awaited the first signs of spring.New York, Boston, San Francisco, Chicago and Seattle had undetected outbreaks long before testing showed a major problem, according to a model.Hidden Outbreaks Spread Through U.S. Cities Far Earlier Than Americans Knew, Estimates Say', 'WASHINGTON — President Trump is pressing his health officials to pursue a crash development program for a coronavirus vaccine that could be widely distributed by the beginning of next year, despite widespread skepticism that such an effort could succeed and considerable concern about the implications for safety.The president wants a coronavirus vaccine widely available by the end of the year, even though his public health experts say it will take at least a year to 18 months.Trump Seeks Push to Speed Vaccine, Despite Safety Concerns', 'SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina — Authorities in Bosnia’s semi-autonomous Serb-run territory have conceded that a failure to enforce strict social distancing over Orthodox Easter has led to a sharp spike in newly registered coronavirus cases. Authorities in Bosnia’s semi-autonomous Serb-run territory have conceded that a failure to enforce strict social distancing over Orthodox Easter has led to a sharp spike in newly registered coronavirus cases. Bosnian Serbs Under Fire for Mismanaging Coronavirus Crisis', "SINGAPORE — Singapore confirmed 528 new coronavirus cases on Thursday, its Health Ministry said, taking the city-state's total cases to 16,169.Singapore confirmed 528 new coronavirus cases on Thursday, its Health Ministry said, taking the city-state's total cases to 16,169.Singapore Reports 528 New Coronavirus Cases, Death Toll Rises to 15", "WARSAW, Poland — All of Poland’s living former presidents, and many ex-prime ministers, said Thursday they will boycott next month’s presidential election that the ruling right-wing party is pushing for despite the coronavirus pandemic. All of Poland’s living former presidents, and many ex-prime ministers, said Thursday they will boycott next month’s presidential election that the ruling right-wing party is pushing for despite the coronavirus pandemic. Poland's Ex-Leaders to Boycott May Presidential Election"], ['QUITO — Ecuadorean President Lenin Moreno said on Thursday that the number of new coronavirus cases had stabilized and death counts were falling after the outbreak overwhelmed sanitary authorities in the largest city of Guayaquil and ravaged the economy.Ecuadorean President Lenin Moreno said on Thursday that the number of new coronavirus cases had stabilized and death counts were falling after the outbreak overwhelmed sanitary authorities in the largest city of Guayaquil and ravaged the economy.Ecuador Has Stabilized Number of New Coronavirus Cases: President', 'WASHINGTON — More than 3.8 million laid-off workers applied for unemployment benefits last week as the U.S. economy slid further into a crisis that is becoming the most devastating since the 1930s.More than 3.8 million laid-off workers  applied for unemployment benefits last week as the U.S. economy slid further into a crisis that is becoming the most devastating since the 1930s.30 Million Have Sought US Unemployment Aid Since Virus Hit', 'NEW YORK — This could be the year.This could be the year.Big Changes in AFC East, but Belichick the Constant for Pats', 'In 1976, the artist Saul Steinberg drew a cover for The New Yorker — “View of the World from Ninth Avenue” — that became an instant classic. You know the one: Manhattan heavily in the foreground, the Hudson River, a brownish strip called “Jersey,” the rest of the America vaguely in the distance.A national lockdown is bad medicine and worse politics.America Shouldn’t Have to Play by New York Rules', "BOSTON — Tegna shareholders re-elected all 12 directors to the U.S. regional TV station operator's board, handing victory to management and ending a months-long proxy contest with hedge fund Standard General, which had sought to replace four board members.Tegna shareholders re-elected all 12 directors to the U.S. regional TV station operator's board, handing victory to management and ending a months-long proxy contest with hedge fund Standard General, which had sought to replace four board members.Tegna Wins Proxy Contest as Investors Re-elect All 12 Board Members", "WASHINGTON — United Nations human rights experts on Thursday urged the Trump administration to lift the U.S. financial and economic embargo on Cuba, saying it limited the Communist-ruled island's ability to fight the coronavirus pandemic and save lives.United Nations human rights experts on Thursday urged the Trump administration to lift the U.S. financial and economic embargo on Cuba, saying it limited the Communist-ruled island's ability to fight the coronavirus pandemic and save lives.U.N. Experts Urge Lifting of Cuba Embargo to Save Lives in Coronavirus Fight", "WASHINGTON — U.S. state and local governments could need close to $1 trillion in aid over several years to cope with the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on Thursday as lawmakers began plotting more coronavirus relief legislation.U.S. state and local governments could need close to $1 trillion in aid over several years to cope with the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on Thursday as lawmakers began plotting more coronavirus relief legislation.U.S.' Pelosi Mulls $1 Trillion for Cities, States in Next Coronavirus Relief Round", "DETROIT/LANSING, Mich. — Hundreds of protesters, some armed, gathered at Michigan's state Capitol in Lansing on Thursday objecting to Governor Gretchen Whitmer's request to extend emergency powers to combat COVID-19, an appeal Republican lawmakers ignored. Hundreds of protesters, some armed, gathered at Michigan's state Capitol in Lansing on Thursday objecting to Governor Gretchen Whitmer's request to extend emergency powers to combat COVID-19, an appeal Republican lawmakers ignored. Hundreds Protest in Michigan Seeking End to Governor's Emergency Powers", "JOHANNESBURG — South Africa reported another 297 positive cases of the coronavirus on Thursday, another big jump after cases climbed by their most in single day on Wednesday, bringing the total in the country to 5,647, the health department said in a statement.South Africa reported another 297 positive cases of the coronavirus on Thursday, another big jump after cases climbed by their most in single day on Wednesday, bringing the total in the country to 5,647, the health department said in a statement.South Africa's Coronavirus Cases Jump by 297", 'WASHINGTON — The U.S. Federal Reserve on Thursday widened a key program to nurse the "Main Street" economy through the coronavirus pandemic, agreeing to lend to even larger firms, taking on more risk in participation with banks, and hinting at some form of dedicated help for non-profits.The U.S. Federal Reserve on Thursday widened a key program to nurse the "Main Street" economy through the coronavirus pandemic, agreeing to lend to even larger firms, taking on more risk in participation with banks, and hinting at some form of dedicated help for non-profits.Fed Expands \'Main Street\' Program to Firms With Up to 15,000 Workers'], ['Joseph R. Biden Jr. has spoken with former President Barack Obama about the process of selecting a running mate.Joe Biden and his associates are consulting allies, Eric Holder and Barack Obama as he weighs his options — including a woman of color — for the Democratic candidate for vice president.How Will Joe Biden Find His Joe Biden?', 'BRATISLAVA — Slovakia will consider letting shops reopen sooner as its daily tally of coronavirus infections has dropped to single digits and the numbers of recovered patients is outpacing new ones, Prime Minister Igor Matovic said on Thursday. Slovakia will consider letting shops reopen sooner as its daily tally of coronavirus infections has dropped to single digits and the numbers of recovered patients is outpacing new ones, Prime Minister Igor Matovic said on Thursday.   Slovakia May Let Shops Reopen Sooner as Coronavirus Numbers Slow: PM', 'Modest results from a federal trial of an experimental drug helped send the stock market soaring on Wednesday, another sign of the desperation for a viable treatment against the coronavirus.Hope soared nonetheless. The F.D.A. is likely to issue an emergency approval, a senior official said.Remdesivir Shows Modest Benefits in Coronavirus Trial', 'There is little respite for the nurses working with coronavirus patients at N.Y.U. Langone Health.Nurses from N.Y.U. Langone Health describe the toll the coronavirus is taking on their patients, and on themselves.‘Patients Have Panic in Their Eyes’: Voices From a Covid-19 Unit', '新冠病毒疫情最新消息Britain shrouds science advice in secrecy. Pakistani imams and Ukrainian monks fight lockdown orders. A deeply divided E.U. moves ahead with an aid package.In Ecuador, Coronavirus Deaths Go Uncounted', "(Reuters) - Here's what you need to know about the coronavirus right now:Here's what you need to know about the coronavirus right now:What You Need to Know About the Coronavirus Right Now", 'Soon after a revered Hasidic rabbi died of the coronavirus in Brooklyn on Tuesday, his fellow congregants informed the Police Department of an unexpected decision: Despite the coronavirus restrictions now in place, they would hold a public funeral.The event showed the challenges that officials have faced in addressing the flouting of social distancing in close-knit ultra-Orthodox neighborhoods.2,500 Mourners Jam a Hasidic Funeral, Creating a Flash Point for de Blasio', 'BERLIN — The coronavirus epidemic must not be used as an excuse to hinder the work of international observers monitoring the ceasefire in force in Eastern Ukraine, German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas said on Thursday.The coronavirus epidemic must not be used as an excuse to hinder the work of international observers monitoring the ceasefire in force in Eastern Ukraine, German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas said on Thursday.Coronavirus No Excuse to Block Peace Monitoring in Eastern Ukraine: Foreign Ministers', 'CHICAGO — In January, a mystery illness swept through a call center in a skyscraper on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. Close to 30 people in one department alone had symptoms — dry, deep coughs and fevers they could not shake. When they gradually returned to work after taking sick days, they sat in their cubicles looking wan and tired.New revelations have left people wondering about ailments early this year. Doctors are thinking back to unexplained cases. Medical examiners are looking for possible misdiagnosed deaths.Amid Signs Coronavirus Came Earlier, Americans Ask: Did I Already Have It?', 'By the time New York City confirmed its first case of the coronavirus on March 1, thousands of infections were already silently spreading through the city, a hidden explosion of a disease that many still viewed as a remote threat as the city awaited the first signs of spring.New York, Boston, San Francisco, Chicago and Seattle had undetected outbreaks long before testing showed a major problem, according to a model.Hidden Outbreaks Spread Through U.S. Cities Far Earlier Than Americans Knew, Estimates Say'], ['NIJAR, Spain — In shanty towns outside the polythene-covered market gardens of Almeria in southern Spain, doctors\' charity "Medicos del Mundo" provides health checks and food to migrants left without work during the coronavirus outbreak.In shanty towns outside the polythene-covered market gardens of Almeria in southern Spain, doctors\' charity "Medicos del Mundo" provides health checks and food to migrants left without work during the coronavirus outbreak.In Spain\'s Market Gardens, Migrants Left Jobless Under Coronavirus Lockdown', 'RIO DE JANEIRO/SANTIAGO — Last week, a mall in southern Brazil laid out a red carpet and welcomed back a stream of masked customers after the state loosened coronavirus lockdowns for commercial businesses. A saxophone player serenaded clients as they filed in. Last week, a mall in southern Brazil laid out a red carpet and welcomed back a stream of masked customers after the state loosened coronavirus lockdowns for commercial businesses. A saxophone player serenaded clients as they filed in. Latin America Wrestles With Reopening as Coronavirus Peak Looms', "WARSAW, Poland — All of Poland’s living former presidents, and many ex-prime ministers, said Thursday they will boycott next month’s presidential election that the ruling right-wing party is pushing for despite the coronavirus pandemic. All of Poland’s living former presidents, and many ex-prime ministers, said Thursday they will boycott next month’s presidential election that the ruling right-wing party is pushing for despite the coronavirus pandemic. Poland's Ex-Leaders to Boycott May Presidential Election", 'QUITO — Ecuadorean President Lenin Moreno said on Thursday that the number of new coronavirus cases had stabilized and death counts were falling after the outbreak overwhelmed sanitary authorities in the largest city of Guayaquil and ravaged the economy.Ecuadorean President Lenin Moreno said on Thursday that the number of new coronavirus cases had stabilized and death counts were falling after the outbreak overwhelmed sanitary authorities in the largest city of Guayaquil and ravaged the economy.Ecuador Has Stabilized Number of New Coronavirus Cases: President', 'WASHINGTON — President Trump is pressing his health officials to pursue a crash development program for a coronavirus vaccine that could be widely distributed by the beginning of next year, despite widespread skepticism that such an effort could succeed and considerable concern about the implications for safety.The president wants a coronavirus vaccine widely available by the end of the year, even though his public health experts say it will take at least a year to 18 months.Trump Seeks Push to Speed Vaccine, Despite Safety Concerns', "SINGAPORE — Singapore confirmed 528 new coronavirus cases on Thursday, its Health Ministry said, taking the city-state's total cases to 16,169.Singapore confirmed 528 new coronavirus cases on Thursday, its Health Ministry said, taking the city-state's total cases to 16,169.Singapore Reports 528 New Coronavirus Cases, Death Toll Rises to 15", 'SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina — Authorities in Bosnia’s semi-autonomous Serb-run territory have conceded that a failure to enforce strict social distancing over Orthodox Easter has led to a sharp spike in newly registered coronavirus cases. Authorities in Bosnia’s semi-autonomous Serb-run territory have conceded that a failure to enforce strict social distancing over Orthodox Easter has led to a sharp spike in newly registered coronavirus cases. Bosnian Serbs Under Fire for Mismanaging Coronavirus Crisis', 'THESSALONIKI, Greece — For years, Greece has been seen as one of the European Union’s most troubled members, weighed down by a financial crisis, corruption and political instability. But in the coronavirus pandemic, the country has emerged as a welcome surprise: its outbreak appears to be far more limited than what was expected.The Greeks have been dogged by years of instability, but their government’s response to the coronavirus has won praise from citizens.Greece Has ‘Defied the Odds’ in the Pandemic', 'Ever since slaughterhouses became coronavirus hot spots, the meat industry has been asking the Trump administration for help.The executive action signals that decisions around whether to close or reopen plants should be driven by the federal government, not local authorities.Powerful Meat Industry Holds More Sway After Trump’s Order', 'NEW YORK — U.S. jobless claims have exceeded 30 million since the coronavirus outbreak hit the country, wiping out a decade of job gains and sending many Americans scrambling to find work and cash in on government aid. U.S. jobless claims have exceeded 30 million since the coronavirus outbreak hit the country, wiping out a decade of job gains and sending many Americans scrambling to find work and cash in on government aid. Your Unemployment Questions, Answered'], ["ACCRA, Ghana — Confirmed coronavirus cases in Ghana have surged above 2,000, increasing 24% in a matter of days, health officials announced Thursday, reflecting mostly test taken during a recent three-week lockdown in the West African country's two largest cities. Confirmed coronavirus cases in Ghana have surged above 2,000, increasing 24% in a matter of days, health officials announced Thursday, reflecting mostly test taken during a recent three-week lockdown in the West African country's two largest cities. Ghana's Virus Cases Spike 10 Days After Lockdown Is Lifted", 'WASHINGTON — More than 3.8 million laid-off workers applied for unemployment benefits last week as the U.S. economy slid further into a crisis that is becoming the most devastating since the 1930s.More than 3.8 million laid-off workers  applied for unemployment benefits last week as the U.S. economy slid further into a crisis that is becoming the most devastating since the 1930s.30 Million Have Sought US Unemployment Aid Since Virus Hit', 'NEW YORK — This could be the year.This could be the year.Big Changes in AFC East, but Belichick the Constant for Pats', 'In 1976, the artist Saul Steinberg drew a cover for The New Yorker — “View of the World from Ninth Avenue” — that became an instant classic. You know the one: Manhattan heavily in the foreground, the Hudson River, a brownish strip called “Jersey,” the rest of the America vaguely in the distance.A national lockdown is bad medicine and worse politics.America Shouldn’t Have to Play by New York Rules', 'Ramadan is usually a time of togetherness, with Muslims filling mosques for hours of prayer and sharing large, lavish meals with friends and neighbors after days of dawn-to-dusk fasting.Ramadan is usually a time of togetherness, with Muslims filling mosques for hours of prayer and sharing large, lavish meals with friends and neighbors after days of dawn-to-dusk fasting.AP PHOTOS: Images of Ramadan During the Coronavirus Pandemic', 'This preview includes spoilers for “Parks and Recreation.”The beloved NBC sitcom is returning Thursday for a reunion special to benefit Feeding America. Here’s where things stood the last time we were in Pawnee.‘Parks and Recreation’ Is Back. Here’s Where We Left Off.', 'OAK PARK, Ill. — Americans are feeling isolated and anxious. They fear they or their loved ones will get sick. They worry about their jobs.Americans are feeling isolated and anxious. They fear they or their loved ones will get sick. They worry about their jobs.Poll: Many Americans Feel Lonely and Anxious During Pandemic', 'PARIS — Paris Saint-Germain was declared champion of the French soccer league on Thursday after the season ended early because of the coronavirus pandemic.Paris Saint-Germain was declared champion of the French soccer league on Thursday after the season ended early because of the coronavirus pandemic.PSG Declared French League Champion as Season Ends Early', 'The New York City subway system rebounded from the 1970s, when the city teetered on the edge of bankruptcy, crumbling cars routinely broke down and rampant crime scared riders away.The nation’s largest urban transit system is seeking billions more in federal aid but may have to consider drastic measures, including postponing critical improvements.‘The Worst-Case Scenario’: New York’s Subway Faces Its Biggest Crisis', '[This briefing has ended. For the latest updates on the coronavirus outbreak in the New York area, read Wednesday’s live coverage.]The governor, referring to a newspaper image of homeless people on the subway, said it was “disgusting” and “disrespectful” to essential workers.Cuomo Calls Subway Cars Filled With Homeless People ‘Disgusting’'], ['The Latin School of Chicago, which has counted the Illinois governor’s children among its students, returned the money. Sidwell Friends in Washington, the alma mater of President Obama’s daughters, decided to keep it. So did others, like St. Andrew’s Episcopal School in Potomac, Md., where President Trump’s youngest son is a student.The loans were meant as a payroll lifeline for small businesses. Many of the schools had endowments in the tens of millions. Their administrators grappled with a question: to take or not to take?Elite Prep Schools, Set Back by Virus, Face a Quandary on Federal Aid', "WASHINGTON — United Nations human rights experts on Thursday urged the Trump administration to lift the U.S. financial and economic embargo on Cuba, saying it limited the Communist-ruled island's ability to fight the coronavirus pandemic and save lives.United Nations human rights experts on Thursday urged the Trump administration to lift the U.S. financial and economic embargo on Cuba, saying it limited the Communist-ruled island's ability to fight the coronavirus pandemic and save lives.U.N. Experts Urge Lifting of Cuba Embargo to Save Lives in Coronavirus Fight", 'WASHINGTON — The U.S. Federal Reserve on Thursday widened a key program to nurse the "Main Street" economy through the coronavirus pandemic, agreeing to lend to even larger firms, taking on more risk in participation with banks, and hinting at some form of dedicated help for non-profits.The U.S. Federal Reserve on Thursday widened a key program to nurse the "Main Street" economy through the coronavirus pandemic, agreeing to lend to even larger firms, taking on more risk in participation with banks, and hinting at some form of dedicated help for non-profits.Fed Expands \'Main Street\' Program to Firms With Up to 15,000 Workers', 'LONDON — Prime Minister Boris Johnson joined in a nationwide round of applause on Thursday to thank hospital and care workers battling the coronavirus pandemic, as many Britons also sang happy birthday to centenarian war veteran Tom Moore.Prime Minister Boris Johnson joined in a nationwide round of applause on Thursday to thank hospital and care workers battling the coronavirus pandemic, as many Britons also sang happy birthday to centenarian war veteran Tom Moore.Newly Recovered UK Leader Johnson Joins Applause for Coronavirus Carers', "DETROIT/LANSING, Mich. — Hundreds of protesters, some armed, gathered at Michigan's state Capitol in Lansing on Thursday objecting to Governor Gretchen Whitmer's request to extend emergency powers to combat COVID-19, an appeal Republican lawmakers ignored. Hundreds of protesters, some armed, gathered at Michigan's state Capitol in Lansing on Thursday objecting to Governor Gretchen Whitmer's request to extend emergency powers to combat COVID-19, an appeal Republican lawmakers ignored. Hundreds Protest in Michigan Seeking End to Governor's Emergency Powers", 'NEW YORK — The U.S. has seen at least 66,000 more deaths than usual so far this year, according to government data, and the new coronavirus accounts for much — but not all — of the increase.The U.S. has seen at least 66,000 more deaths than usual so far this year, according to government data, and the new coronavirus accounts for much — but not all — of the increase.Coronavirus and Other Causes Driving Surge in US Deaths', 'CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA is turning to private industry for the first lunar landers for astronauts in a half-century, with three competing, quite contrasting versions. NASA is turning to private industry for the first lunar landers for astronauts in a half-century, with three competing, quite contrasting versions. NASA Goes Private for 1st Astronaut Lunar Landers in Decades', "WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump likes to talk about the most, the best, the thing that nobody has ever seen. President Donald Trump likes to talk about the most, the best, the thing that nobody has ever seen. Grim Count: US Virus Toll Passes Trump's 60,000 Marker", '(Reuters) - The U.S. Navy hospital ship Comfort departed New York harbor on Thursday, just a month after arriving to help ease the strain on overburdened city hospitals dealing with the novel coronavirus outbreak.The U.S. Navy hospital ship Comfort departed New York harbor on Thursday, just a month after arriving to help ease the strain on overburdened city hospitals dealing with the novel coronavirus outbreak.Little-Used Navy Hospital Ship Comfort Leaves New York After Treating COVID-19 Patients', "MEXICO CITY — Mexico’s economic activity dropped 1.6% in the first quarter compared to the final three months of 2019, plunging the country deeper into a recession that predated the coronavirus pandemic, according to a report released Thursday by the government statistical agency.Mexico’s economic activity dropped 1.6% in the first quarter compared to the final three months of 2019, plunging the country deeper into a recession that predated the coronavirus pandemic, according to a report released Thursday by the government statistical agency.Report: Mexico's Economy Plunges Deeper Into Recession"], ["BOSTON — Tegna shareholders re-elected all 12 directors to the U.S. regional TV station operator's board, handing victory to management and ending a months-long proxy contest with hedge fund Standard General, which had sought to replace four board members.Tegna shareholders re-elected all 12 directors to the U.S. regional TV station operator's board, handing victory to management and ending a months-long proxy contest with hedge fund Standard General, which had sought to replace four board members.Tegna Wins Proxy Contest as Investors Re-elect All 12 Board Members", "JOHANNESBURG — South Africa reported another 297 positive cases of the coronavirus on Thursday, another big jump after cases climbed by their most in single day on Wednesday, bringing the total in the country to 5,647, the health department said in a statement.South Africa reported another 297 positive cases of the coronavirus on Thursday, another big jump after cases climbed by their most in single day on Wednesday, bringing the total in the country to 5,647, the health department said in a statement.South Africa's Coronavirus Cases Jump by 297", 'JERUSALEM — Social distancing doesn’t come naturally in Israel. But the country, known for its informal, in-your-face mentality, seems to be setting a new standard for public protests in the age of coronavirus.Social distancing doesn’t come naturally in Israel. But the country, known for its informal, in-your-face mentality, seems to be setting a new standard for public protests in the age of coronavirus.Chalk Marks, Discipline Aid Mass Protest in Virus-Era Israel', "WASHINGTON — U.S. state and local governments could need close to $1 trillion in aid over several years to cope with the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on Thursday as lawmakers began plotting more coronavirus relief legislation.U.S. state and local governments could need close to $1 trillion in aid over several years to cope with the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on Thursday as lawmakers began plotting more coronavirus relief legislation.U.S.' Pelosi Mulls $1 Trillion for Cities, States in Next Coronavirus Relief Round", 'BERLIN — German authorities agreed Thursday to reopen playgrounds, churches and cultural institutions such as museums and zoos that have been shuttered because of the coronavirus pandemic, but they postponed a decision on whether to relax the rules for restaurants, hotels and kindergartens.German authorities agreed Thursday to reopen playgrounds, churches and cultural institutions such as museums and zoos that have been shuttered because of the coronavirus pandemic, but they postponed a decision on whether to relax the rules for restaurants, hotels and kindergartens.Germany Relaxes Lockdown for Playgrounds, Churches and Zoos', "WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. — This year's Little League World Series and the championship tournaments in six other Little League divisions have been canceled because of the coronavirus pandemic.This year's Little League World Series and the championship tournaments in six other Little League divisions have been canceled because of the coronavirus pandemic.Little League World Series Canceled for First Time", 'LIMA, Peru — The bus terminals in Lima are so crowded with people waiting to escape to the countryside that families are sleeping outside, side by side.Fear of the virus and job loss in cities are pushing many back to the countryside, reversing a decades-long trend of urban migration and raising alarm about a public health crisis in rural areas.Highways of Peru Swell With Families Fleeing Virus', 'TOPEKA, Kan. — Dr. Beth Oller would like Kansas to remain under a stay-at-home order a while longer, even as some neighbors in her rural northwest county are restless to see business return to normal.Dr. Beth Oller would like Kansas to remain under a stay-at-home order a while longer, even as some neighbors in her rural northwest county are restless to see business return to normal.With Rural Kansas Close to Reopening, Doctor Remains Nervous', 'GUATEMALA CITY — A planeload of 89 Guatemalan deportees that arrived Thursday all tested negative for the coronavirus before boarding their flight from Texas, Guatemalan officials said Thursday.A planeload of 89 Guatemalan deportees that arrived Thursday all tested negative for the coronavirus before boarding their flight from Texas, Guatemalan officials said Thursday.Guatemala Says US Testing Deportees for Virus Before Sending', 'BOSTON — An heir to a microwave snack fortune and a former chief executive of investment firm Pimco cannot use the coronavirus pandemic as a reason to avoid prison time for convictions in the U.S. college admissions scandal, a federal judge ruled on Thursday, although they can delay starting their sentences.An heir to a microwave snack fortune and a former chief executive of investment firm Pimco cannot use the coronavirus pandemic as a reason to avoid prison time for convictions in the U.S. college admissions scandal, a federal judge ruled on Thursday, although they can delay starting their sentences.Pandemic Delays Prison for Hot Pockets Heir, Ex-Pimco CEO in College Admissions Scandal'], ['(Reuters) - U.S. Labor Secretary Eugene Scalia on Thursday defended his department\'s handling of workplace safety during the coronavirus pandemic, saying "the cop is on the beat" in response to union criticism about a lack of directives to protect workers.U.S. Labor Secretary Eugene Scalia on Thursday defended his department\'s handling of workplace safety during the coronavirus pandemic, saying "the cop is on the beat" in response to union criticism about a lack of directives to protect workers.U.S. Labor Secretary Defends Workplace Safety Record During Pandemic', 'The Latest on the effects of the coronavirus outbreak on sports around the world:The Latest on the effects of the coronavirus outbreak on sports around the world:The Latest: Former NHL Enforcer Laraque Tests Positive', 'Stocks fell on Thursday, giving up some of their gains from the day before, after reports that showed millions more Americans applied for weekly unemployment benefits and consumer spending collapsed.The latest on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.U.S. Stocks Have Their Best Month Since 1987', '(Reuters) - Rock band Queen and singer Adam Lambert are raising money for health workers fighting COVID-19 with new single "You Are The Champions", an updated version of classic hit "We Are The Champions" recorded on mobile phones under lockdown. Rock band Queen and singer Adam Lambert are raising money for health workers fighting COVID-19 with new single "You Are The Champions", an updated version of classic hit "We Are The Champions" recorded on mobile phones under lockdown. \'You Are the Champions\': Queen, Under Lockdown, Record Health Worker Anthem', 'SOUDERTON, Pa. — On a normal day, work at a meatpacking plant is not easy. The slaughterhouse is boiling hot. People who aren’t used to the temperature can feel as if they are experiencing high blood pressure. The freezer is super cold and will amplify any flulike symptoms. Workers wear as many layers as they can to stay warm, but it is difficult.In a meatpacking plant, changes were made too late.Two of My Colleagues Died of Covid-19', 'Sign up here to get On Politics in your inbox every weekday.When a Republican senator shops a stimulus plan that has more common ground with a leading progressive.Scrambling the Political Divide: ‘No Normal Recession’', "NEW YORK — It started with reports of a strange stench in Brooklyn. Police who investigated found another example of how the cornavirus has overwhelmed the city: A funeral home had resorted to storing dozens of bodies on ice in rented trucks.It started with reports of a strange stench in Brooklyn. Police who investigated found another example of how the cornavirus has overwhelmed the city: A funeral home had resorted to storing  dozens of bodies on ice in rented trucks.'Unconscionable' Body Overflow at Funeral Home Prompts Probe", 'WASHINGTON — The Trump administration has finalized an agreement with Honduras that would allow some people seeking asylum in the United States to be sent to the Central American country instead. The Trump administration has finalized an agreement with Honduras that would allow some people seeking asylum in the United States to be sent to the Central American country instead. US Can Soon Start Sending People Seeking Asylum to Honduras', 'SACRAMENTO, Calif. — California Governor Gavin Newsom on Thursday ordered beaches in Orange County in the southern part of the state to close, after crowds defied public health guidelines to throng the popular shoreline last weekend.California Governor Gavin Newsom on Thursday ordered beaches in Orange County in the southern part of the state to close, after crowds defied public health guidelines to throng the popular shoreline last weekend.California Closes Orange County Beaches Where Crowds Defied Coronavirus Guidelines', 'NEW YORK — Bleak new figures Thursday underscored the worldwide economic pain inflicted by the coronavirus: The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits has climbed past a staggering 30 million, while Europe’s economies have gone into an epic slide.Bleak new figures Thursday underscored the worldwide economic pain inflicted by the coronavirus: The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits has climbed past a staggering 30 million, while Europe’s economies have gone into an epic slide.Economic Figures Show Grim Toll in Europe and US From Virus'], ['To the Editor:A doctor warns against President Trump’s suggestion that disinfectant use inside the body might be a treatment for coronavirus. Also: Portrait of a president; Mitch McConnell on bailout partisanship.Don’t Inject Disinfectants!', 'World leaders and public health experts are poised to spend the coming months or years obsessed with a variable known as R0.‘R-naught’ represents the number of new infections estimated to stem from a single case. You may be hearing a lot about this.R0, the Messy Metric That May Soon Shape Our Lives, Explained', 'A new survey shows an increase in feelings of solidarity.A new survey shows an increase in feelings of solidarity.What Do You Owe Your Neighbor? The Pandemic Might Change Your Answer', 'LONDON — With governments distracted by the battle with the coronavirus, many analysts have assumed that Britain and the European Union will be forced to extend their year-end deadline for reaching a post-Brexit trade deal.The government is adamant that it will not seek an extension, saying it will reject the idea even if the European Union asks.Britain Is Sticking to Brexit Plans Despite Virus Upheaval', 'If you’re like most people right now, you are spending a lot of time in front of screens. This makes sense: In a time of social distancing, screens have become our portals to the outside world.Being thoughtful about our use of screens can help us emerge from this crisis empowered and in control, and with more self-awareness.How to Create Screen-Life Balance When Life Has Shifted to Screens', 'With schools closed and the streets empty across the country because of the coronavirus pandemic, many parents are spending their days tethered to their homes, trying to think up activities to occupy their children. If the parents are also working, the struggle can be even harder. But some families have come up with a solution: shared quarantine.Some families are sheltering in place together as a way to balance child care and work demands — at home or farther afield.Quarantine as a Shared Experience', 'A president has broad powers over immigration under the Constitution and federal laws, but they are not unlimited. At the very least, there must be a reasonable basis for restrictions on immigration. None exists for President Trump’s threat to temporarily ban all immigrant visa admissions to the United States.Freezing immigrant admissions won’t protect public health or save American jobs.No, Mr. President, Your Immigration Powers Are Not Unlimited', 'WASHINGTON — The strategy could not be clearer: From the Republican lawmakers blanketing Fox News to new ads from President Trump’s super PAC to the biting criticism on Donald Trump Jr.’s Twitter feed, the G.O.P. is attempting to divert attention from the administration’s heavily criticized response to the coronavirus by pinning the blame on China.Republicans increasingly believe that elevating China’s culpability for spreading the coronavirus may be the best way to improve their difficult election chances. The president is muddying the message.A Key G.O.P. Strategy: Blame China. But Trump Goes Off Message.', 'BERLIN — Felix Germann was not expecting anyone when his doorbell rang last week. Outside was a doctor who looked like she had just stepped out of an operating theater, green scrubs, face mask and all — and a policeman.It was the first large Western democracy to contain the spread of the coronavirus and is now the first to methodically go about reopening its economy. Others are watching.With Broad, Random Tests for Antibodies, Germany Seeks Path Out of Lockdown', 'When Robert Rowe Jr. was discharged from the hospital this month after testing positive for the coronavirus, he needed a place to stay so he would not put his 84-year-old father at risk. New York City health officials put him up at a three-star hotel in Midtown Manhattan.The deaths revealed lapses in the monitoring of people sent to isolation, a critical part of the city’s efforts to slow the outbreak.New York Put Recovering Virus Patients in Hotels. Soon, 4 Were Dead.'], ['Children make up a very small proportion of American coronavirus cases so far and are significantly less likely to become seriously ill than American adults, according to a preliminary report on the first wave of coronavirus cases in the United States. But some have become very sick, and at least three have died.Nevertheless, a C.D.C. analysis of 2,572 cases found three deaths. Babies seem more vulnerable, but the data was incomplete.U.S. Children With Coronavirus Are Less Hard Hit Than Adults, First Data Shows', 'So much has already been cut out of my life in the past month. Restaurant meals, birthday parties, a trip to Joshua Tree, haircuts, yoga classes — even a priceless hug from a friend. But when my work dried up overnight in early April, I realized that one more thing needed to be cut: my expenses.Your finances may be tight, but there are helpful changes you can make during the coronavirus lockdown.Here’s What to Trim (and What Not to Touch) From Your Budget Right Now', 'Deciding whether to head outdoors or to stay at home has never before felt so fraught, as many of us continue the weigh the benefits of getting some fresh air versus the risks of getting sick. For many, however, the enticements of a spring day are too powerful to resist.Sunlight is not a cure for coronavirus, but it does have other benefits for mind and body.Let the Sunshine In', 'I’ve had many fantasies about houses where I wish I could wait out this health emergency. A Montana ranch? A big Spanish farmhouse? Or just a regular apartment in Covid-crushing Seoul? But I can’t do better than E-1027, a fabled modernist bungalow on the French Riviera. Built in 1927, this seaside cabin has the white walls and nautical balconies common to so much European functionalist architecture, but inside it’s lusher and racier, with bespoke leather-clad beds and fondle-inviting carpets. A morning swim in the Mediterranean, lunchtime on the flat roof terrace, reading in the balcony hammock, cocktails from the inbuilt lacquered bar: I could manage a quarantine here.Galleries and museums are getting creative about presenting work online during the coronavirus crisis. Here are two shows worth viewing virtually.2 Art Gallery Shows to Explore From Home', 'Boris Johnson is back at Downing Street and will return to work Monday after recovering. Cuba is sending doctors around the world.Global Virus Death Toll Crosses 200,000; Italy to Ease Restrictions in May', 'She was just 12 when she dropped out of school and began clocking in for endless shifts at one of the garment factories springing up in Bangladesh, hoping to pull her family out of poverty.Experts say that for the first time since 1998, global poverty will increase. At least a half billion people could slip into destitution by the end of the year.Millions Had Risen Out of Poverty. Coronavirus Is Pulling Them Back.', 'A new test for the coronavirus is so simple and straightforward, almost anyone could do it: Spit a glob of saliva into a cup, close the lid and hand it over.Saliva tests like the one developed by Rutgers are less painful for patients and less risky to medical workers.Just Spit and Wait: New Coronavirus Test Offers Advantages', 'It has been well more than a month since stay-in-place orders started taking effect across the country because of the coronavirus crisis. In some places, the curve mercifully seems to be flattening, and staying at home has been a crucial factor — combined with the contributions of our essential workers.Jennifer Senior, David Brooks, Kara Swisher and other Opinion columnists and writers will be chatting every day at 1 p.m. Eastern.Yup, Our Writers Are Still Stuck at Home', 'Across the country, college campuses have become ghost towns. Students and professors are hunkered down inside, teaching and learning online. University administrators are tabulating the financial costs of the Covid-19 pandemic, which already exceed the CARES Act’s support for higher education.It won’t be easy, but there’s a path to get students back on track. Higher education will crumble without it.College Campuses Must Reopen in the Fall. Here’s How We Do It.', 'There is a terrible week ahead in America —\xa0one of “death” and “sadness,” the White House has warned —\xa0as the number of confirmed coronavirus cases in the U.S. surged above 350,000 on Monday, the national death toll exceeded 10,000, and public health officials cautioned that even those grim numbers understated the true scale of the epidemic.Boris Johnson is moved to intensive care, as the death toll in the United States tops 10,000.Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today'], ['New federal projections show that stay-at-home orders, school closures and social distancing greatly reduce infections of the coronavirus. But if the restrictions are lifted after 30 days, experts say, it would lead to a drastic spike in cases.New federal projections show that if the restrictions are lifted after only 30 days, it could lead to a drastic spike in cases.Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today', 'California could have been a catastrophe. It had some of the country’s first coronavirus cases, and its extensive ties to China — 150,000 people flew in from there in January alone — made it appear highly vulnerable.Scientists are trying to understand why California’s mitigation efforts were so successful at flattening the curve.Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today', 'Public health officials and private companies have been frantically trying to tell the public not to ingest or inject disinfectants after President Trump, during his daily news conference on Thursday, suggested that an “injection inside” the human body with a disinfectant such as bleach or isopropyl alcohol could help combat the virus.Don’t ingest bleach.Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today', 'In many places across the U.S., cases and deaths appear to have peaked or are starting to flatten. But there is a lot of regional variation.In many places across the U.S., cases and deaths appear to have peaked or are starting to flatten. But there is a lot of regional variation.Five Ways to Monitor the Coronavirus Outbreak in the U.S.', 'A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Alaska Coronavirus Map and Case Count', 'A detailed chart shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak.A detailed chart shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak.Puerto Rico Coronavirus Case Count', 'A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Florida Coronavirus Map and Case Count', 'A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Massachusetts Coronavirus Map and Case Count', 'A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Illinois Coronavirus Map and Case Count', 'A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Indiana Coronavirus Map and Case Count'], ['A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Mississippi Coronavirus Map and Case Count', 'A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Florida Coronavirus Map and Case Count', 'A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Kentucky Coronavirus Map and Case Count', 'A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Texas Coronavirus Map and Case Count', 'A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Rhode Island Coronavirus Map and Case Count', 'The pandemic has shown Americans how far apart they are. But out of this crisis there’s a chance to build a better nation.The pandemic has shown Americans how far apart they are. But out of this crisis there’s a chance to build a better nation.The America We Need', 'A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Alaska Coronavirus Map and Case Count', 'A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. A detailed county map shows the extent of the coronavirus outbreak, with tables of the number of cases by county. Utah Coronavirus Map and Case Count', 'This is one of two houses on Gillespie Street designed by Noah Webster Overstreet (1888-1973), a local architectural engineer and designer, and built on what had recently been farmland. Today, the house occupies 2 1/3 lots in the Belhaven neighborhood, a historic district about two miles northeast of the center of Jackson, the state’s capital, and minutes from schools (Belhaven University, Millsaps College) and health care facilities (Baptist Medical Center, University of Mississippi Medical Center).A 1916 Tudor Revival in Jackson, a condo in a landmark Kansas City Beaux-Arts building and a log cabin in Pawling.$500,000 Homes in Mississippi, Missouri and New York', 'Covid-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus, has upended life for those who are or hope to become pregnant in the United States. Fertility doctors have indefinitely postponed all advanced fertility treatments, and some major hospitals in hard-hit areas are trying to ban partners and doulas from delivery rooms.The pandemic is not just impacting parents and pregnant people — all prospective parents are facing new challenges.How Coronavirus Is Affecting Surrogacy, Foster Care and Adoption'], ['To the Editor:Readers contrast the president’s statements with the facts and urge a national stay-at-home edict.Trump’s ‘Lack of Leadership’ During the Coronavirus Crisis', 'Our health care system is on the cusp of a crisis not seen before. A ventilator shortage is coming, if it’s not already here. Hospitals, physicians and nurses are likely to face a terrible choice: Should they withdraw or withhold ventilators from some patients so that others with better odds of survival might benefit from the machines?They need immunity from lawsuits and prosecution for triage decisions.Protect the Doctors and Nurses Who Are Protecting Us', 'The malaria drug hydroxychloroquine helped to speed the recovery of a small number of patients who were mildly ill from the coronavirus, doctors in China reported this week.A group of moderately ill people were given hydroxychloroquine, which appeared to ease their symptoms quickly, but more research is needed.Malaria Drug Helps Virus Patients Improve, in Small Study', 'HOLLYWOOD, Fla. — Right around the time the World Health Organization was declaring the novel coronavirus a full-blown pandemic, Cody Lee Pfister walked into a Walmart in Missouri and delivered his own public service announcement — of the twisted variety.The coronavirus pandemic has brought fear, panic and pranksters. In some cases, bad behavior has crossed the line into criminal terrorist acts.Coronavirus Misbehavior: When Was Licking a Toilet Ever a Good Idea?', 'Want more basketball in your inbox? Sign up for Marc Stein’s weekly N.B.A. newsletter here.In this week’s newsletter, Marc Stein talks to Josh Hart and Larry Nance Jr. about finding a new routine without their day jobs and their other common love: Premier League soccer.N.B.A. Players Miss Other Sports Too', 'Good morning.Wednesday: Dr. Bob Wachter of the University of California, San Francisco, talks about the numbers he’s tracking and what they say.‘How Do You Decide When to Open the World Back Up?’', 'Home Depot has ordered all 2,300 of its stores in North America to stop sales of N95 masks to try to free them up for those on the front lines of the coronavirus emergency response, the company said on Wednesday.The retailer said it had redirected shipments of the masks to health care providers and emergency responders.Home Depot Halts Sales of N95 Masks Amid Shortage, Company Says', 'I’ll never forget sitting alone in my unfurnished one-room apartment in July 1984. Fresh out of college, my fear of four more years of a Reagan presidency was mollified by the inspiration I felt seeing Geraldine Ferraro accept the nomination for vice president at the Democratic convention.Those left out of the decision-making room must have a viable path forward.Building an L.G.B.T.Q. Political Pipeline', 'WASHINGTON — Taking their cue from President Trump, Republicans at every level of the party are pushing ahead with plans to put on their national convention this summer and provide Mr. Trump the kind of gauzy coronation he seeks.As the virus disrupts the campaign, G.O.P. officials are taking their cue from President Trump, while Joe Biden said “it’s hard to envision” the Democrats holding an in-person convention in July.Democrats Fear for Their Convention. For Republicans, ‘The Show Must Go On.’', 'The Food and Drug Administration announced on Thursday that it was significantly loosening its recommendations for blood donations from gay and bisexual men, reducing the amount of time men who have had sex with men should wait before they give blood to three months from one year in hopes of ameliorating a drastic drop in supply during the coronavirus pandemic.The agency reduced its recommended deferral period for male donors who have had sex with another man to three months, down from one year.F.D.A. Relaxes Blood Donation Guidelines for Gay Men and Others'], ['I’ll never forget sitting alone in my unfurnished one-room apartment in July 1984. Fresh out of college, my fear of four more years of a Reagan presidency was mollified by the inspiration I felt seeing Geraldine Ferraro accept the nomination for vice president at the Democratic convention.Those left out of the decision-making room must have a viable path forward.Building an L.G.B.T.Q. Political Pipeline', 'The Food and Drug Administration announced on Thursday that it was significantly loosening its recommendations for blood donations from gay and bisexual men, reducing the amount of time men who have had sex with men should wait before they give blood to three months from one year in hopes of ameliorating a drastic drop in supply during the coronavirus pandemic.The agency reduced its recommended deferral period for male donors who have had sex with another man to three months, down from one year.F.D.A. Relaxes Blood Donation Guidelines for Gay Men and Others', 'Home Depot has ordered all 2,300 of its stores in North America to stop sales of N95 masks to try to free them up for those on the front lines of the coronavirus emergency response, the company said on Wednesday.The retailer said it had redirected shipments of the masks to health care providers and emergency responders.Home Depot Halts Sales of N95 Masks Amid Shortage, Company Says', 'WASHINGTON — Taking their cue from President Trump, Republicans at every level of the party are pushing ahead with plans to put on their national convention this summer and provide Mr. Trump the kind of gauzy coronation he seeks.As the virus disrupts the campaign, G.O.P. officials are taking their cue from President Trump, while Joe Biden said “it’s hard to envision” the Democrats holding an in-person convention in July.Democrats Fear for Their Convention. For Republicans, ‘The Show Must Go On.’', 'WASHINGTON — For weeks, President Trump and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo forcefully used the controversial terms “Chinese virus” and “Wuhan virus” in public and said they intended to hold Beijing responsible for the crippling coronavirus pandemic.Several of President Trump’s top aides are advising him to work with China on the coronavirus pandemic, but national security officials are skeptical the truce will hold.In Sudden Shift, U.S. and China Seek to Cooperate', 'Last month, residents of Kiryas Joel, a New York village of 35,000 Hasidic Jews roughly an hour’s drive from Manhattan, began hearing about a promising treatment for the coronavirus that had been rippling through their community.How Dr. Vladimir Zelenko’s claims for his coronavirus treatment spread from a New York village all the way to President Trump.Touting Virus Cure, ‘Simple Country Doctor’ Becomes a Right-Wing Star', 'WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is close to  recommending that all Americans wear cloth masks if they go out in public, a change in position that reflects new concerns that the coronavirus is being spread by infected people who have no symptoms and new data suggesting the United States is not yet slowing the rate of infections.The expected change in position reflects concern over a worrisome rate of infection spread by people with no symptoms.Trump Administration Officials Weigh How Far to Go on Recommending Masks', 'If golf’s biggest events are to be salvaged this year, the game’s leaders must find an uncommon wellspring of creativity and flexibility. The first two men’s Grand Slam events of the year, the Masters and the P.G.A. Championship, have already been postponed indefinitely, and the schedules for the two others, the United States and British Opens, are teetering as the coronavirus increasingly alters lives around the globe.The five different governing bodies of golf’s most prestigious tournaments are considering unconventional concessions in order to salvage the season.The Masters on Halloween? Golf Weighs Tradition Against the Calendar', 'The body of one of two Kennedy family members who went missing last week when their canoe capsized in the Chesapeake Bay was recovered on Monday, the authorities said.Maeve Kennedy Townsend McKean and her 8-year-old son drifted into the bay after paddling out in a canoe to retrieve a ball. Her body was recovered on Monday evening.Body of Kennedy Family Member Found in Chesapeake Bay', 'The rapid spread of the coronavirus has revived a decades-old debate over pharmaceutical policy, with both sides doubling down on long-held views. Advocates for broader drug access insist that pharmaceutical companies must not be allowed to reap large profits from Covid-19 vaccines and treatments. Free-market true believers — including officials in the Trump administration — argue that pharmaceutical businesses must be allowed to set prices beyond some patients’ reach.We need the capital and creativity of the private sector to take on the coronavirus.Pharmaceutical Profits and Public Health Are Not Incompatible'], ['SYDNEY, Australia — With much of the globe under stay-at-home orders, police officers are becoming the enforcers of a new coronavirus code that demands what humans naturally resist: complete isolation and obedience.Around the world, police forces are testing how far to go in punishing ordinary behavior. But how should policing work when it’s not clear what is banned?How Far Should Police Go in Enforcing Coronavirus Lockdowns?', 'The National Symphony Orchestra’s musicians will be receiving pay cuts, but will not be furloughed, under a new deal hammered out between their union and the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, where they perform.The furloughs at the National Symphony Orchestra had drawn the ire of the musicians’ union and some lawmakers, and will now be replaced by a 35 percent pay cut.Kennedy Center Drops Furlough of Musicians as They Accept Pay Cuts', 'This briefing is no longer updating. Read the latest developments in the coronavirus outbreak here.Live updates on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.Wall Street Rallies as Investors Focus on the Recovery', 'To the Editor:How systemic inequality is playing out in the pandemic. Also: Sanctions on Iran; the changing face of grief; domestic abuse in the immigrant community; social distancing on sidewalks.Why Black Americans Are Hit Harder by the Coronavirus', 'Welcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown of the previous night’s highlights that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy. If you’re interested in hearing from The Times regularly about great TV, sign up for our Watching newsletter and get recommendations straight to your inbox.“I guess it’s the Wisconsin way of showing New Hampshire that you can live free and die,” Stephen Colbert joked of Wisconsin’s voting.Late Night Says Wisconsin’s Voting Day Is a ‘Coronavirus All-You-Can-Eat Buffet’', 'BEIRUT, Lebanon — Saudi Arabia on Wednesday announced that the kingdom and its allies would observe a unilateral cease-fire in the war in Yemen starting at noon on Thursday, a move that could pave the way for ending the brutal five-year-old conflict.If it sticks, the cease-fire would be the first nationwide truce in five years of war in Yemen.Saudi Arabia Declares Cease-Fire in Yemen, Citing Fears of Coronavirus', 'How much of your life is online? Has that changed since the coronavirus pandemic?Stuck at home during the pandemic, Americans have been spending more of their lives online. Is the debate over screen and online time over — at least for now?How Has the Coronavirus Changed How You Use the Internet?', '(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Let us help you start your day.Trade Forecast, Bernie Sanders, India’s Air: Your Thursday Briefing', 'WASHINGTON — President Trump left little room for doubt. “We’re going to put a hold on money spent to the W.H.O.,” he said, referring to the World Health Organization. “We’re going to put a very powerful hold on it.”The president does not need adversaries to dispute his statements. He does that all by himself.In Trump’s Marathon Briefings, the Answers and the Message Are Often Contradictory', 'The homebound and virus-wary across the Northern Hemisphere, from President Trump to cooped-up schoolchildren, have clung to the possibility that the coronavirus pandemic will fade in hot weather, as some viral diseases do.A new report, sent to the White House science adviser, says the country should not rely on warm weather to stop contagion.Summer Heat May Not Diminish Coronavirus Strength'], ['Texas Polls: Who Different Groups Supported', 'California Polls: Who Different Groups Supported', 'KEY WEST, Fla. — The vacation the passengers had imagined, a luxurious two-week voyage along the coast of South America to the southernmost tip of the hemisphere, turned into something else entirely.The Zaandam cruise ship and a second vessel, the Rotterdam, moored at a Fort Lauderdale port after a lengthy ordeal at sea. Ambulances were standing by to transport sick passengers.Ships With Coronavirus-Stricken Passengers Dock in Florida', 'Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device:Via Apple Podcasts | Via Spotify | Via Stitcher“We are in a war. I mean, I actually think this is exactly what generals or leaders in real, you know, violent combat wars feel.”A Conversation With Dr. Anthony Fauci', 'WASHINGTON — For weeks, President Trump and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo forcefully used the controversial terms “Chinese virus” and “Wuhan virus” in public and said they intended to hold Beijing responsible for the crippling coronavirus pandemic.Several of President Trump’s top aides are advising him to work with China on the coronavirus pandemic, but national security officials are skeptical the truce will hold.In Sudden Shift, U.S. and China Seek to Cooperate', 'If golf’s biggest events are to be salvaged this year, the game’s leaders must find an uncommon wellspring of creativity and flexibility. The first two men’s Grand Slam events of the year, the Masters and the P.G.A. Championship, have already been postponed indefinitely, and the schedules for the two others, the United States and British Opens, are teetering as the coronavirus increasingly alters lives around the globe.The five different governing bodies of golf’s most prestigious tournaments are considering unconventional concessions in order to salvage the season.The Masters on Halloween? Golf Weighs Tradition Against the Calendar', 'This briefing is no longer updating. Read the latest developments in the coronavirus outbreak here.Live updates on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.Small-Business Relief Effort ‘a Mess’', 'China and some of its acolytes are pointing to Beijing’s success in coming to grips with the coronavirus pandemic as a strong case for authoritarian rule.Strongmen think they know the cure for Covid-19. Are they right?The Virus Comes for Democracy', 'Last month, residents of Kiryas Joel, a New York village of 35,000 Hasidic Jews roughly an hour’s drive from Manhattan, began hearing about a promising treatment for the coronavirus that had been rippling through their community.How Dr. Vladimir Zelenko’s claims for his coronavirus treatment spread from a New York village all the way to President Trump.Touting Virus Cure, ‘Simple Country Doctor’ Becomes a Right-Wing Star', 'WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is close to  recommending that all Americans wear cloth masks if they go out in public, a change in position that reflects new concerns that the coronavirus is being spread by infected people who have no symptoms and new data suggesting the United States is not yet slowing the rate of infections.The expected change in position reflects concern over a worrisome rate of infection spread by people with no symptoms.Trump Administration Officials Weigh How Far to Go on Recommending Masks'], ['In mid-March, Hackensack University Medical Center in New Jersey announced the first coronavirus-linked death in the Northeast. Since then, there have been more than 16,000 virus-related deaths in the United States, and the toll grows by the hour.A New Jersey doctor’s blood was found to have high levels of virus antibodies. Researchers plan to use it to treat other patients.He Beat Coronavirus. Now His Blood May Help Save Lives.', 'MADISON, Wis. — The Wisconsin State Legislature couldn’t agree on who to honor for Black History Month. It couldn’t hold a special session on gun violence that lasted more than a few seconds. It had stalled for weeks on releasing money to help farmers struggling with mental health issues.Keeping the polls open in a pandemic is just one example of the state pushing political partisanship to the extreme.‘Not as Wisconsin Nice as We Used to Be’: The Divisions in Dairyland', 'The federal government is struggling to deliver financial aid to faltering employers — and workers are suffering the consequences. Roughly 10 percent of American workers filed for unemployment benefits in the past three weeks, a wave of job losses that has no precedent in modern American history. Millions more are struggling to submit unemployment claims to overwhelmed state agencies. And still more face the loss of their jobs in the coming weeks.Staggering job losses are not a foregone conclusion. There is still time to fix the federal government’s aid program.‘We’re Going Down, Down, Down, Down, Down’', 'When the retirement expert Alicia H. Munnell finished gathering data for a study on American workers ages 50 to 62 in jobs without benefits, she was stunned.A study shows that three out of four U.S. workers ages 50 to 62 didn’t have an employer-provided retirement plan and health insurance — which will be a big blow to their income later.For Workers Over 50, a Job Without Benefits Spells Long-Term Trouble', 'As coronavirus cases continue to soar in and around New York, doctors, nurses and others on the front lines say their supplies of medical-grade N95 and surgical masks are rapidly dwindling, with the worst of the epidemic yet to come.Medical professionals on the front lines in New York and its suburbs are facing a shortage of masks and other personal protection equipment. Here are easy ways residents can donate supplies.How to Donate Your N95 Masks to New York Doctors', 'Name: Peter MaidenPeter Maiden, whose agency created the popular “NY Tough” video, plans to release more uplifting homages.The Guy Who Turned Cuomo’s Inspiring Words into a Video', 'NAIROBI, Kenya — Health workers in lime-green scrubs and white gumboots danced, ululated and drummed on buckets in celebration as the woman they hoped would be the last patient treated for Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo was released from a treatment center there in early March.The fight to stop a deadly outbreak of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo has lasted nearly two years. The lessons learned could now apply to combating the coronavirus.Congo Was Close to Defeating Ebola. Then One More Case Emerged.', 'New York renters are known to be a tough bunch, but it has never been harder to be a renter in the city.As many leave the city to move home with their parents, roommates are left to scramble to find subletters, but moving itself can actually be easier.The Upheaval in New York’s Rental Market', 'During most of his life Henry David Thoreau was, by conventional standards of success, a failure. He rarely left the farm town of Concord, Mass., where he was born in 1817. There he was viewed by at least some of his neighbors as a marginal figure, standoffish, politically radical, a loner, a crank. As a member of the New England literary world he cut a graceless figure and had an inauspicious professional start.The writer used his self-quarantine at Walden to pursue an intensive course in self-education. In the present pandemic moment, there’s plenty to learn from standing still.Lessons in Constructive Solitude From Thoreau', 'A Georgia man was charged with fraud after attempting to sell millions of nonexistent respirator masks to the government as it struggles to shore up supplies of vital medical equipment during the coronavirus pandemic, the authorities said.Christopher Parris tried to secure orders from the Department of Veterans Affairs for personal protective equipment that would have amounted to more than $750 million, the authorities said.Man Charged in Scheme to Sell 125 Million Nonexistent Masks'], ['[This briefing has ended. For the latest updates on the coronavirus outbreak in the New York area, read Friday’s live coverage.]Despite mounting death tolls, the governors of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut all cited data that gave them cause for optimism.Hospitalizations for Coronavirus Are Nearly Flat in N.Y., but 799 More Die', 'LONDON — It may seem unlikely that a country known for being buttoned-up would turn to a man dancing in a multicolored unitard for reassurance and inspiration. Yet each morning recently, about 1.6 million people in Britain have been tuning in to watch Mr. Motivator, real name Derrick Evans, on a BBC program called “Healthcheck U.K. Live.”British audiences have flocked to the broadcaster for breaking news and escapism, offering it hope of fending off its critics and cuts to its funding.How the Beleaguered BBC Became ‘Comfort Food’ in a Pandemic', 'BEIJING — Chinese officials have begun inspecting every shipment of N95 respirators, ventilators and other medical supplies for quality issues before export, a policy likely to delay the arrival of critical gear at hospitals around the world that are struggling to cope with the coronavirus pandemic.Chinese customs officials, facing accusations from Europe that some medical supplies have been defective, say they will inspect every shipment.China Delays Mask and Ventilator Exports After Quality Complaints', 'In “The Science of Helping Out” Tara Parker-Pope argues, “During a crisis, the people who cope best are those who help others.” Does that concept resonate with you? Have you ever received any personal benefits by helping others?During this crisis people and groups have delivered free groceries, canceled rent for tenants and called to check in on seniors. How might helping others also benefit oneself?What Acts of Kindness Have You Heard About or Participated In During Coronavirus?', 'This article is part of David Leonhardt’s newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it each weekday.He was warned, again and again.Trump’s Role in the Death Toll', 'It was a little after noon on March 26, and Naomi Campbell was working out in her living room in New York City.With widespread stay-at-home orders, they are using social media to stream their workouts. But many trainers are facing financial straits from a lack of paying clientele.Fitness Instructors Flock Online to Pump You Up', 'One patient had lymphoma and heart failure. Another was 85 years old with metastatic cancer. A third was 83 and had dementia and lung disease. All were critically ill with the coronavirus, and, a doctor said, all were hooked up to ventilators in recent weeks at a major Manhattan hospital.With a looming shortage of equipment for coronavirus patients in New York City, doctors say they may soon need to make difficult choices.Patient Has Virus and Serious Cancer. Should Doctors Withhold Ventilator?', 'The worried doctors stood together after their rounds, weighing the risks. A 31-year-old pregnant woman was in peril, her lungs ravaged by the coronavirus. If they delivered her baby now, it might reduce the strain on her body and help her recover.In a hospital at the center of the crisis, nearly 200 babies have arrived since March. Some pregnant women have fallen extremely ill, but doctors are winning battles for their lives and their children’s.Hope, and New Life, in a Brooklyn Maternity Ward Fighting Covid-19', 'One of the largest hospital networks in New York has given its doctors an ultimatum: either help deal with the coronavirus crush, or stay home without pay.Specialists who haven’t worked an intensive care shift in years are being pressed into duty as coronavirus cases overwhelm New York’s hospitals.With Virus Surge, Dermatologists and Orthopedists Are Drafted for the E.R.', 'One couple’s self-uniting marriage in Pittsburgh, another’s virtual wedding in Harlem, and yet another’s willingness to spend time at a county jail in Raleigh, N.C. These were just some of the ways determined couples around the country found to be legally married, despite the fact that the coronavirus had forced them to cancel, postpone and reschedule much larger and elegant affairs.Across America, couples changed plans and dates and had hurry-up events (with very few guests) before the effects of the coronavirus pandemic curbed so many weddings.They Found a Way to Get Married'], ['Airlines and movie theaters are hurting. Grocery stores and streaming services are raking it in.Airlines and movie theaters are hurting. Grocery stores and streaming services are raking it in.How the Virus Transformed the Way Americans Spend Their Money', 'Dr. Anthony Fauci listened as President Trump spoke during the coronavirus briefing at the White House on Monday. East and West Coast governors unite, and so do Biden and Sanders: This is your morning tip sheet.On Politics: An Eye Toward Opening for Business', 'This briefing has ended. Read our global live coverage on the coronavirus pandemic here.Britain’s prime minister, Boris Johnson, has been moved to intensive care, and the Supreme Court rejected an extension of Wisconsin’s voting deadline.White House Adviser Warned of Risks of Pandemic; Trump Misleads on Testing', 'CAIRO — When the virus hit, the strongmen hit back as they know best.The world’s strongmen are reverting to their standard playbook to project an aura of control. It’s a risky strategy for a chaotic crisis.Autocrats’ Quandary: You Can’t Arrest a Virus', "(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here's what you need to know.Coronavirus, Governors, Joe Biden: Your Tuesday Briefing", 'The merciless threat slipped into America, emptying its streets, shuttering its stores, wrecking its economy and forcing its people to retreat indoors.A virtual recovery meeting. A police officer donned a face mask. A pastor without a congregation. A funeral director trying to bury the dead. This is a new America.24 Hours in a Pandemic Nation', 'Watching my 3-year-old become a geography expert over the last few weeks has taken my mom guilt from an occasional pang to a chronic panic attack. While I’m thrilled he can tell me that Tegucigalpa is the capital of Honduras, his lonely excursion through geography apps concerns me. As a marriage and family therapist, I worry that social distancing might cause my only child to draw deeper into himself, maybe even trigger long-term anxiety or depression.Isolation might seem more damaging for kids without siblings. But it doesn’t have to be.Is Quarantine Worse for an Only Child?', 'With the number of new deaths and rate of hospitalizations falling in New York, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said on Monday that “the worst is over” in the coronavirus pandemic, and he announced an alliance with six other Northeastern governors to explore how to eventually lift restrictions — a move that appeared to be an implicit rebuke to President Trump.Northeastern governors ally to plan for lifting virus restrictions, and Western states also announce they will work together to plan for the future.‘Worst Is Over,’ Cuomo Says as States Snub Trump on Restarting Economy', 'Good morning.Thursday: Cities are struggling with ways to keep workers safe as they build homes. Also: A child psychiatrist offers advice.Is Construction an ‘Essential Business’? in California?', 'This briefing has ended. Follow our live national updates and global coverage on the coronavirus epidemic.For the first time, the government has declared all 50 states a major disaster for the same event. Some pastors plan to hold Easter services despite stay-at-home guidance.Total Number of Confirmed Deaths in U.S. Surpasses Italy'], ['This briefing is no longer updating. Read the latest developments in the coronavirus outbreak here.Live updates on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.Wall Street Rallies as Investors Focus on the Recovery', 'To the Editor:How systemic inequality is playing out in the pandemic. Also: Sanctions on Iran; the changing face of grief; domestic abuse in the immigrant community; social distancing on sidewalks.Why Black Americans Are Hit Harder by the Coronavirus', 'The National Symphony Orchestra’s musicians will be receiving pay cuts, but will not be furloughed, under a new deal hammered out between their union and the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, where they perform.The furloughs at the National Symphony Orchestra had drawn the ire of the musicians’ union and some lawmakers, and will now be replaced by a 35 percent pay cut.Kennedy Center Drops Furlough of Musicians as They Accept Pay Cuts', 'How much of your life is online? Has that changed since the coronavirus pandemic?Stuck at home during the pandemic, Americans have been spending more of their lives online. Is the debate over screen and online time over — at least for now?How Has the Coronavirus Changed How You Use the Internet?', 'BEIRUT, Lebanon — Saudi Arabia on Wednesday announced that the kingdom and its allies would observe a unilateral cease-fire in the war in Yemen starting at noon on Thursday, a move that could pave the way for ending the brutal five-year-old conflict.If it sticks, the cease-fire would be the first nationwide truce in five years of war in Yemen.Saudi Arabia Declares Cease-Fire in Yemen, Citing Fears of Coronavirus', 'The homebound and virus-wary across the Northern Hemisphere, from President Trump to cooped-up schoolchildren, have clung to the possibility that the coronavirus pandemic will fade in hot weather, as some viral diseases do.A new report, sent to the White House science adviser, says the country should not rely on warm weather to stop contagion.Summer Heat May Not Diminish Coronavirus Strength', 'LONDON — Prime Minister Boris Johnson of Britain was moved out of intensive care on Thursday, a ray of hope for a country that faces several more weeks under lockdown as its death toll from the coronavirus approached 8,000.The prime minister’s move from the I.C.U. to a ward in a London hospital offered a ray of hope for a country still reeling from the trauma of the coronavirus pandemic.Boris Johnson Leaves Intensive Care, but Britain Faces Weeks More of Lockdown', 'This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it Tuesdays and Thursdays.These are the governors who got in front of the crisis — and the ones who fell behind.Was Your State Ahead of the Coronavirus Curve?', 'Crates of masks snatched from cargo planes on airport tarmacs. Countries paying triple the market price to outbid others. Accusations of “modern piracy” against governments trying to secure medical supplies for their own people.Developing nations in Latin America and Africa cannot find enough materials and equipment to test for coronavirus, partly because the United States and Europe are outspending them.In Scramble for Coronavirus Supplies, Rich Countries Push Poor Aside', 'To the Editor:Readers look at the senator’s legislative record and legacy. Also: The overuse of jails; how authors are promoting their books.What Bernie Sanders Accomplished, and What He Didn’t'], ['Three tubs of absentee ballots that never reached voters were discovered in a postal center outside Milwaukee. At least 9,000 absentee ballots requested by voters were never sent, and others recorded as sent were never received. Even when voters did return their completed ballots in the mail, thousands were postmarked too late to count — or not at all.As Wisconsin scrambled to expand voting by mail for its election on Tuesday, many absentee voters said their ballots went undelivered.Inside Wisconsin’s Election Mess: Thousands of Missing or Nullified Ballots', 'WASHINGTON — In a message on Twitter accompanied by a picture of her face partly covered by a medical mask, Melania Trump, the first lady, urged Americans on Thursday to protect themselves from the coronavirus by wearing face coverings in public, an image all the more striking because it contrasted with her husband’s mixed messages on the subject.The first lady’s encouragement of Americans to wear face masks was all the more striking because it contrasted with her husband’s mixed messages on the subject: “I don’t see it for myself,” President Trump has said.With a Face Mask Photo, Melania Trump Highlights Her Husband’s Reluctance to Wear One', 'On March 1, there were 88 confirmed cases of the coronavirus in the United States. By month’s end, there were more than 170,000. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has compiled data on people who were hospitalized from the virus during that month to get a clearer demographic picture of infected patients who have required the most serious medical care.The agency’s study of hospitalizations for Covid-19 in March shows heightened numbers for those with underlying conditions, men and African-Americans.C.D.C. Releases Early Demographic Snapshot of Worst Coronavirus Cases', 'President Trump doubled down Sunday on his push for the use of an anti-malarial drug against the coronavirus, issuing medical advice that goes well beyond scant evidence of the drug’s effectiveness as well as the advice of doctors and public health experts.The president’s advocacy of the anti-malarial drug has created tensions in his administration, and fears among doctors that it could unnecessarily expose patients to risks.Ignoring Expert Opinion, Trump Again Promotes Use of Hydroxychloroquine', 'Chronic absenteeism is a problem in American education during the best of times, but now, with the vast majority of the nation’s school buildings closed and lessons being conducted remotely, more students than ever are missing class — not logging on, not checking in or not completing assignments.Teachers at some schools across the country report that fewer than half of their students are participating in online learning.As School Moves Online, Many Students Stay Logged Out', 'WASHINGTON — In Massachusetts, state leaders said they had confirmed a vast order of personal protective equipment for their health workers; then the Trump administration took control of the shipments.The Trump administration’s new method for distributing medical supplies has led to charges of confiscation.‘Swept Up by FEMA’: Complicated Medical Supply System Sows Confusion', 'ATLANTA — Months before the coronavirus arrived in the South, before it raced across rural communities and larger cities alike, sickening scores of vulnerable residents, Johnny Presley bought a shuttered 33-bed hospital.Public health officials fear underlying problems, from poor health to poverty, could exacerbate the effects of the coronavirus in the South.Across the South, ‘Walking a Tightrope’ While Awaiting the Worst', 'Everyone has three extra months to pay federal income taxes because of the financial pain caused by the coronavirus pandemic. But what about the real estate taxes on your home? Any flexibility on paying those?Local governments rely on them to pay for services like trash pickup and the public schools. But some are trying to give flexibility to homeowners in financial trouble.Property Taxes Are Probably Still Due Despite Coronavirus', 'The federal government is struggling to deliver financial aid to faltering employers — and workers are suffering the consequences. Roughly 10 percent of American workers filed for unemployment benefits in the past three weeks, a wave of job losses that has no precedent in modern American history. Millions more are struggling to submit unemployment claims to overwhelmed state agencies. And still more face the loss of their jobs in the coming weeks.Staggering job losses are not a foregone conclusion. There is still time to fix the federal government’s aid program.‘We’re Going Down, Down, Down, Down, Down’', 'The politics of the coronavirus have made it seem indecent to talk about the future. As President Trump has flirted with reopening America quickly — saying in late March that he’d like to see “packed churches” on Easter and returning to the theme days ago with “we cannot let this continue” — public-health experts have felt compelled to call out the dangers. Many Americans have responded by rejecting as monstrous the whole idea of any trade-off between saving lives and saving the economy. And in the near term, it’s true that those two goals align: For the sake of both, it’s imperative to keep businesses shuttered and people in their homes as much as possible.Five thinkers weigh moral choices in a crisis.Restarting America Means People Will Die. So When Do We Do It?'], ['This briefing has ended. Follow our latest coverage of the coronavirus epidemic.New York deaths spike as the state releases a revised count, and California explores steps toward reopening. Trump announces his “opening the country” council.Coronavirus Updates: Trump Halts U.S. Funding of World Health Organization', 'Sequestered during the pandemic, I find myself thinking that cancer patients’ expertise in fear can help others heed its warnings. We all need tactics not only to overcome the destructive capacity of fear but also to tap its protective potential.Cancer patients deal daily with dread stirred by organisms produced by the body they attack.What Cancer Has Taught Me About Fear', 'Binky, soother, paci, dummy — a pacifier has many names, but one purpose: comfort. The act of sucking seems to have powerful biological effects in babies: There’s evidence that pacifiers can reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS), shorten the length of a preemie’s stay in the neonatal intensive care unit, and even help to relieve pain during medical procedures. But at some point, your child has to give it up. After all, no one goes to high school with a binky.Breaking the habit won’t be fun for anyone. But following a few tips —\xa0starting with keeping calm and consistent —\xa0will make the process smoother.How to Ditch the Pacifier', 'Would you do us a favor? Would you be willing to describe how the coronavirus is affecting your mental health? Is the combination of isolation and existential stress making you feel more depressed and anxious? Or is the family togetherness and the pause from normal life giving you a greater sense of belonging and equilibrium? How would you describe your psychological state? What are you doing to cope? If you’re a mental health worker, what are you seeing out there?The struggle between fear and comfort.Mental Health in the Age of the Coronavirus', '[This guide was originally published on March 5, 2020 in NYT Parenting.]The research is resoundingly clear: A strong mate makes a difference. Having a supportive partner is good for everyone involved, including the baby.How to Be a Supportive Partner During Pregnancy (and Beyond)', 'Tuesday’s mess of an election in Wisconsin is the culmination of a decade of efforts by state Republicans to make voting harder, redraw legislative boundaries and dilute the power of voters in the state’s urban centers.Mask-wearing voters in endless lines. Five polling places instead of 180. Voting amid the coronavirus crisis is full of challenges — and connected to G.O.P. efforts to limit who gets a ballot in the state.Why Wisconsin Republicans Insisted on an Election in a Pandemic', 'All New York City’s playgrounds were ordered shut on Wednesday to slow the spread of the coronavirus — a move that led to scenes of crying children shaking locked gates, even as other parkgoers called the measure long overdue.Governor orders shutdown of playgrounds and basketball courts to maintain social distancing, but parks remain open.Cooped-Up Children Lose Refuge as N.Y.C. Playgrounds Are Closed', 'Health care professionals are still going to work each day without sufficient masks, gloves, gowns and other supplies, and are begging for proper personal protective equipment (P.P.E.). In a country that spends more on health care than anywhere else on the planet, masks are being rationed or reused, and some hospital workers are even using novelty rain ponchos to protect themselves. Health care workers around the country are falling ill and dying — The Brooklyn Hospital Center estimated a third of its doctors and nurses are home sick with the virus. Meanwhile, President Trump has openly accused health care workers of being wasteful and hoarding masks. In the above Op-Ed video, nurses and physicians from around the country are demanding that the government take aggressive action to get them sufficient equipment. Right now.The country that spends the most in the world on health care doesn’t have nearly enough protective equipment.Health Care Workers Are Begging for Masks. Is the President Listening?', 'On March 16, Ruth Franklin of Brooklyn tweeted: “Today has been quiet, sort of, so far. Take a moment and make some notes about what’s happening. Call it your Coronavirus diary, your plague journal, whatever. It’s important. Later, you will want a record.”It’ll help you organize your thoughts during these difficult times, and may help educate future generations.Why You Should Start a Coronavirus Diary', 'WASHINGTON — Exactly one month after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, two senior senators proposed the creation of an entirely new government department that would pull together the diverse, often competitive federal agencies whose lack of communication and coordination left the nation exposed to deadly terrorism on American soil. It became the Department of Homeland Security.Past crises have prompted major federal overhauls. Failings in the government handling of the coronavirus outbreak are likely to spur calls for another one.Does a Dept. of Pandemics Sound Odd? Homeland Security Once Did, Too'], ['“The smell of the alcohol is so strong it can make you feel drunk,” says Jean Bosco Byukusenge, who directed the nursing program at Muhima Hospital in Kigali, Rwanda, in 2014, when the 149-bed hospital began to mix all of its own hand sanitizer. With only 10 hand-washing stations in its clinical areas, and intermittent water supply, the hospital needed alcohol-based hand sanitizer readily available to help prevent patients from contracting infections. The maternity ward delivers many hundreds of babies every week, and the World Health Organization estimates that in sub-Saharan Africa, infections acquired in the hospital cause 75 percent of newborn deaths for hospital-born babies.Do the mixing in a ventilated room. Wear a mask, gloves, goggles and an apron.How to Make Hand Sanitizer in Bulk', 'BRUSSELS — European Union finance ministers agreed Thursday night to a plan calling for more than half a trillion euros worth of new measures to buttress their economies against the onslaught of the coronavirus, but dealt a blow to their worst-hit members, Italy and Spain, by sidestepping their pleas for the bloc to issue joint debt.While E.U. finance ministers approved a plan to spend 540 billion euros to lift their economies, they couldn’t agree to take the unprecedented step of issuing joint bonds.E.U. Backs Half-Trillion Euro Stimulus, but Balks at Pooling Debt', 'I miss the intimacy, and the innocence, of my visits with patients.My patients’ immune systems are so exquisitely fragile that it doesn’t take much to catch an infection that could kill them.Coronavirus and the Cancer Patient', 'To the Editor:Readers look at the senator’s legislative record and legacy. Also: The overuse of jails; how authors are promoting their books.What Bernie Sanders Accomplished, and What He Didn’t', 'LONDON — Prime Minister Boris Johnson of Britain was moved out of intensive care on Thursday, a ray of hope for a country that faces several more weeks under lockdown as its death toll from the coronavirus approached 8,000.The prime minister’s move from the I.C.U. to a ward in a London hospital offered a ray of hope for a country still reeling from the trauma of the coronavirus pandemic.Boris Johnson Leaves Intensive Care, but Britain Faces Weeks More of Lockdown', 'Crates of masks snatched from cargo planes on airport tarmacs. Countries paying triple the market price to outbid others. Accusations of “modern piracy” against governments trying to secure medical supplies for their own people.Developing nations in Latin America and Africa cannot find enough materials and equipment to test for coronavirus, partly because the United States and Europe are outspending them.In Scramble for Coronavirus Supplies, Rich Countries Push Poor Aside', 'This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it Tuesdays and Thursdays.These are the governors who got in front of the crisis — and the ones who fell behind.Was Your State Ahead of the Coronavirus Curve?', 'Three tubs of absentee ballots that never reached voters were discovered in a postal center outside Milwaukee. At least 9,000 absentee ballots requested by voters were never sent, and others recorded as sent were never received. Even when voters did return their completed ballots in the mail, thousands were postmarked too late to count — or not at all.As Wisconsin scrambled to expand voting by mail for its election on Tuesday, many absentee voters said their ballots went undelivered.Inside Wisconsin’s Election Mess: Thousands of Missing or Nullified Ballots', 'WASHINGTON — In a message on Twitter accompanied by a picture of her face partly covered by a medical mask, Melania Trump, the first lady, urged Americans on Thursday to protect themselves from the coronavirus by wearing face coverings in public, an image all the more striking because it contrasted with her husband’s mixed messages on the subject.The first lady’s encouragement of Americans to wear face masks was all the more striking because it contrasted with her husband’s mixed messages on the subject: “I don’t see it for myself,” President Trump has said.With a Face Mask Photo, Melania Trump Highlights Her Husband’s Reluctance to Wear One', 'A few years ago, when some photos by Times photographers adorning our office walls were swapped out for others, I found one headed for the dumpster.Heaven help us, we’re at the mercy of the Slim Suit crowd.He Went to Jared'], ['As the coronavirus continues to spread, epidemiologists like me are starting to field a remarkable question: Would people be better off if they just contracted the virus and got it over with? I’ve heard rumblings about people avoiding physical distancing or hosting a version of “chickenpox parties,” where noninfected people mingle with an infected person in an effort to catch the virus.Here are seven reasons your “coronavirus party” is a bad idea.Please, Don’t Intentionally Infect Yourself. Signed, an Epidemiologist.', 'I lie on a stretcher, thinking of my two sons. They are both healthy, in Philadelphia and Manhattan. Seven months before, we suffered through the death of their mother — my wife of 37 years. She wanted to live so badly. After an 18-month battle with cancer, she left us.Each day of recovery from the coronavirus, I feel a little bit stronger and more like myself.For 12 Days a Doctor Lived With Burning Lungs', 'Every day, millions of people around the world type their health symptoms into Google. We can use these searches to help detect unknown Covid-19 outbreaks, particularly in parts of the world with poor testing infrastructure.They can also reveal symptoms that at first went undetected. I may have found a new one.Google Searches Can Help Us Find Emerging Covid-19 Outbreaks', 'The coronavirus pandemic has not just threatened the physical health of millions but also wreaked havoc on the emotional and mental well-being of people around the world. Feelings of anxiety, helplessness and grief are rising as people face an increasingly uncertain future — and nearly everyone has been touched by loss. A nationally representative poll conducted by the Kaiser Family Foundation finds that nearly half of all Americans — 45 percent — feel that the coronavirus has negatively affected their mental health.Why cultivating “tragic optimism” will help us weather this crisis — and even grow from it.On Coronavirus Lockdown? Look for Meaning, Not Happiness', 'Across the country, hospitals are overflowing with coronavirus patients, and health care workers are scrambling to keep up. Physician assistants are trained as generalists — but in several states, including Florida, the help they are able to provide is limited not by their ability but by strict supervision agreements with a specific physician. This administrative red tape creates barriers for hospitals in need of workers during an all-hands-on-deck crisis. In the above video, Kimberly Berggren, a physician assistant in Florida, implores Gov. Ron DeSantis to join states like New York and Michigan and remove restrictions in her state so hospitals can get the help they need.We need to get physician assistants off the sidelines and into the emergency rooms.An Outdated Law in Florida Is Preventing Me From Saving Lives', 'PHILADELPHIA — At Sunday family dinners, the grandchildren would beg to hear that story again, the one about her twins in the baby carriage, and one of them was dead, and what did she do. This was when Sarah Jane Anderson would add to the collective memory of a Philadelphia nightmare.The brutal toll taken by the flu that claimed 20,000 lives in the city has not been forgotten as Philadelphia braces for the worst of the coronavirus pandemic.The Killer Flu of 1918: A Philadelphia Story', 'The politics of the coronavirus have made it seem indecent to talk about the future. As President Trump has flirted with reopening America quickly — saying in late March that he’d like to see “packed churches” on Easter and returning to the theme days ago with “we cannot let this continue” — public-health experts have felt compelled to call out the dangers. Many Americans have responded by rejecting as monstrous the whole idea of any trade-off between saving lives and saving the economy. And in the near term, it’s true that those two goals align: For the sake of both, it’s imperative to keep businesses shuttered and people in their homes as much as possible.Five thinkers weigh moral choices in a crisis.Restarting America Means People Will Die. So When Do We Do It?', 'Like pretty much everybody in America blessed with good health these days, the actor Jason Alexander and his wife, the artist Daena Title, have been stuck at home, worried about their relatives, their friends and a nation whose future is uncertain.A homebound team of Oscar, Tony and Emmy winners are cooking up “Saturday Night Seder,” a streaming Passover event that is part variety show, fund-raiser and theatrical experience.What Can You Do for People in Crisis? Put on a Seder Show', 'We spend a lot of our days chatting with each other about things we see online, trying to make sense of it all. This week in the Styles newsletter, Wait …, Amanda Hess, a critic-at-large, and Jenna Wortham, a staff writer for the Magazine and a host of the podcast “Still Processing,” discuss the wellness industry and their self-care routines.How to think about self-care during uncertain times.What Does Wellness Mean Now?', 'WASHINGTON — Factories are idled. Workers are in lockdown. Goods are piling up at some ports, while elsewhere container ships sail empty. Dairy farmers are dumping their milk, while toilet paper aisles at the grocery store have been picked bare.As the pandemic stretches on, consumers and businesses could run short of some products in months to come.Global Trade Sputters, Leaving Too Much Here, Too Little There'], ['WASHINGTON — The Trump administration, under fire for pushing food stamp cuts in the middle of a pandemic, has decided to hold off on stricter work requirements for adults without children during the national emergency.Under heavy criticism for pressing for food stamp cuts during an economic meltdown, the Trump administration now says it will hold off during the national emergency.Trump Backs Off Tougher Food Stamp Work Rules for Now', 'About two weeks ago, New Jersey’s governor, Philip D. Murphy, urged residents with second homes not to decamp to the shore.Residents and officials in nearby locales have bristled at visitors from the epicenter of the pandemic, though there is no evidence that the out-of-towners have caused major outbreaks.Did New Yorkers Who Fled to Second Homes Bring the Virus?', 'Chronic absenteeism is a problem in American education during the best of times, but now, with the vast majority of the nation’s school buildings closed and lessons being conducted remotely, more students than ever are missing class — not logging on, not checking in or not completing assignments.Teachers at some schools across the country report that fewer than half of their students are participating in online learning.As School Moves Online, Many Students Stay Logged Out', 'On March 1, there were 88 confirmed cases of the coronavirus in the United States. By month’s end, there were more than 170,000. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has compiled data on people who were hospitalized from the virus during that month to get a clearer demographic picture of infected patients who have required the most serious medical care.The agency’s study of hospitalizations for Covid-19 in March shows heightened numbers for those with underlying conditions, men and African-Americans.C.D.C. Releases Early Demographic Snapshot of Worst Coronavirus Cases', 'President Trump doubled down Sunday on his push for the use of an anti-malarial drug against the coronavirus, issuing medical advice that goes well beyond scant evidence of the drug’s effectiveness as well as the advice of doctors and public health experts.The president’s advocacy of the anti-malarial drug has created tensions in his administration, and fears among doctors that it could unnecessarily expose patients to risks.Ignoring Expert Opinion, Trump Again Promotes Use of Hydroxychloroquine', 'WASHINGTON — In Massachusetts, state leaders said they had confirmed a vast order of personal protective equipment for their health workers; then the Trump administration took control of the shipments.The Trump administration’s new method for distributing medical supplies has led to charges of confiscation.‘Swept Up by FEMA’: Complicated Medical Supply System Sows Confusion', 'President Trump and his Republican allies are launching an aggressive strategy to fight what many of the administration’s own health officials view as one of the most effective ways to make voting safer amid the deadly spread of Covid-19: the expanded use of mail-in ballots.Public health officials recommend absentee ballots to keep people safe. But President Trump and his party, without evidence, portray expanded voting measures as ripe for fraud.Why Republicans Are So Afraid of Vote-by-Mail', 'Once the mainstream of the Democratic Party’s electorate settled on a candidate to support in this year’s campaign, however flawed Joe Biden may be, Bernie Sanders’s call for a revolution overturning the current American variant of capitalism no longer had a chance. On Wednesday, Sanders finally capitulated to political reality and withdrew from the race. In doing so, he claimed that “Few would deny that over the course of the past five years our movement has won the ideological struggle.”But actually there are three, which helps explain why he had to drop out of the race on Wednesday.Bernie Sanders Only Had Eyes for One Wing of the Democratic Party', 'Shortly after the start of the Cold War, the Soviets blockaded the roads, railways and canals leading to West Berlin in 1948. Overnight, some two million people were cut off from food and fuel. The Western allies panicked, but under the leadership of President Harry Truman, the crisis was solved with the Berlin Airlift.Its hospitals are overcrowded and other cities have capacity.The Military Should Airlift New York City’s Coronavirus Patients', 'LOS ANGELES — Like legions of immigrant farmworkers, Nancy Silva for years has done the grueling work of picking fresh fruit that Americans savor, all the while afraid that one day she could lose her livelihood because she is in the country illegally.Immigrant field workers have been told to keep working despite stay-at-home directives, and given letters attesting to their “critical” role in feeding the country.Farmworkers, Mostly Undocumented, Become ‘Essential’ During Pandemic'], ['With its small population and isolated location, Iceland has earned praise and headlines for its plan to test as many people as possible for exposure to the new coronavirus. Why, some wondered, couldn’t other countries be like Iceland?Critics say the Nordic island country should also have closed all of its schools and stopped tourism. But the government says it believes that new cases have peaked.Iceland’s ‘Test Everyone’ Goal Has Skeptics, but It May Be Working', 'MOSCOW — Russian authorities detained the leader of an independent doctors’ union, an outspoken critic of the Kremlin who has dismissed as “lies” the country’s low official numbers for coronavirus infections.The police held overnight an outspoken Russian doctor, Anastasia Vasilieva, who was trying to deliver masks to an impoverished rural town.Russian Doctor Detained After Challenging Virus Figures', 'Last summer, Raymond Rivera was arrested on a minor parole violation and sent to Rikers Island, where he waited months for a final decision on his release. As his case dragged on, the coronavirus spread through the jail complex and he became sick.Two weeks after Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo promised to release 400 Rikers inmates held on minor parole violations, only half have been freed.Jailed on a Minor Parole Violation, He Caught the Virus and Died', 'WASHINGTON — In his daily briefings on the coronavirus, President Trump has brandished all the familiar tools in his rhetorical arsenal: belittling Democratic governors, demonizing the media, trading in innuendo and bulldozing over the guidance of experts.Aides and allies increasingly believe the president’s daily briefings are hurting him more than helping, and are urging him to let his medical experts take center stage.Trump Keeps Talking. Some Republicans Don’t Like What They’re Hearing.', 'Every night at 7, my Brooklyn neighborhood comes to life with the calculated whimsy of a cuckoo clock. It starts with a single neighbor clapping. Soon dozens more join in, throwing open their front doors or hanging from their windows to put their hands together and say “wooooo.” Perhaps 20 seconds into the proceedings, a man emerges from the garden apartment across from me, banging a pot with a spoon, and a woman appears on the stoop of the house next door, her spaniel barking helpfully at her side. Often there is a special guest: On a recent evening, a guy motored by on a delivery bike, a whistle blaring from between his lips. It’s all over within five minutes.The highlight of my day — every day — is opening my window and yelling at the sky.In Praise of Quarantine Clapping', '(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.) Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.Coronavirus, Testing, Easter: Your Friday Evening Briefing', 'Everyone has three extra months to pay federal income taxes because of the financial pain caused by the coronavirus pandemic. But what about the real estate taxes on your home? Any flexibility on paying those?Local governments rely on them to pay for services like trash pickup and the public schools. But some are trying to give flexibility to homeowners in financial trouble.Property Taxes Are Probably Still Due Despite Coronavirus', 'ATLANTA — Months before the coronavirus arrived in the South, before it raced across rural communities and larger cities alike, sickening scores of vulnerable residents, Johnny Presley bought a shuttered 33-bed hospital.Public health officials fear underlying problems, from poor health to poverty, could exacerbate the effects of the coronavirus in the South.Across the South, ‘Walking a Tightrope’ While Awaiting the Worst', 'As coronavirus cases continue to soar in and around New York, doctors, nurses and others on the front lines say their supplies of medical-grade N95 and surgical masks are rapidly dwindling, with the worst of the epidemic yet to come.Medical professionals on the front lines in New York and its suburbs are facing a shortage of masks and other personal protection equipment. Here are easy ways residents can donate supplies.How to Donate Your N95 Masks to New York Doctors', 'The federal government is struggling to deliver financial aid to faltering employers — and workers are suffering the consequences. Roughly 10 percent of American workers filed for unemployment benefits in the past three weeks, a wave of job losses that has no precedent in modern American history. Millions more are struggling to submit unemployment claims to overwhelmed state agencies. And still more face the loss of their jobs in the coming weeks.Staggering job losses are not a foregone conclusion. There is still time to fix the federal government’s aid program.‘We’re Going Down, Down, Down, Down, Down’'], ['Francesco Moro cannot say with certainty how his 65-year-old father contracted the coronavirus, but he figures it has something to do with the fact that he and his older brother both fell ill a week earlier. Though the two sons are grown, they live with their parents in a modest home outside Bergamo, the epicenter of the Italian outbreak.Social scientists are debating a contentious theory that may help explain why the coronavirus appears to be more deadly in Italy and Spain.Are Adults Living With Parents Making the Pandemic More Deadly?', '“The smell of the alcohol is so strong it can make you feel drunk,” says Jean Bosco Byukusenge, who directed the nursing program at Muhima Hospital in Kigali, Rwanda, in 2014, when the 149-bed hospital began to mix all of its own hand sanitizer. With only 10 hand-washing stations in its clinical areas, and intermittent water supply, the hospital needed alcohol-based hand sanitizer readily available to help prevent patients from contracting infections. The maternity ward delivers many hundreds of babies every week, and the World Health Organization estimates that in sub-Saharan Africa, infections acquired in the hospital cause 75 percent of newborn deaths for hospital-born babies.Do the mixing in a ventilated room. Wear a mask, gloves, goggles and an apron.How to Make Hand Sanitizer in Bulk', 'To the Editor:Readers look at the senator’s legislative record and legacy. Also: The overuse of jails; how authors are promoting their books.What Bernie Sanders Accomplished, and What He Didn’t', 'Long before Ben Hammersley coined the portmanteau “podcast” to describe the “webcasting” of audio files through digital syndication — and before true crime, current events and talk shows seemed to colonize the fledgling industry — audio was used to tell a good fictional story.Give the screen a rest and embrace a bingeable audio drama.Fiction Podcasts to Get Lost In', 'WASHINGTON — A Trump administration request for quick approval of $250 billion in additional loans to help distressed small businesses weather the coronavirus crisis stalled Thursday in the Senate after Republicans and Democrats clashed over what should be included in the latest round of government relief.Democrats objected to an emergency infusion of $250 billion for small-business loans without more help for hospitals, states and cities. Republicans refused.Small-Business Aid Stalls in Senate as Democrats Demand More Funds', 'BRUSSELS — European Union finance ministers agreed Thursday night to a plan calling for more than half a trillion euros worth of new measures to buttress their economies against the onslaught of the coronavirus, but dealt a blow to their worst-hit members, Italy and Spain, by sidestepping their pleas for the bloc to issue joint debt.While E.U. finance ministers approved a plan to spend 540 billion euros to lift their economies, they couldn’t agree to take the unprecedented step of issuing joint bonds.E.U. Backs Half-Trillion Euro Stimulus, but Balks at Pooling Debt', 'Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan are confronting new waves of coronavirus cases, largely fueled by infected people who recently arrived from other countries, according to data compiled by The Times’s graphics team.Let us help you start your day.New Spikes in Asia, Boris Johnson, Stimulus Efforts: Your Friday Briefing', 'I miss the intimacy, and the innocence, of my visits with patients.My patients’ immune systems are so exquisitely fragile that it doesn’t take much to catch an infection that could kill them.Coronavirus and the Cancer Patient', 'LONDON — Prime Minister Boris Johnson of Britain was moved out of intensive care on Thursday, a ray of hope for a country that faces several more weeks under lockdown as its death toll from the coronavirus approached 8,000.The prime minister’s move from the I.C.U. to a ward in a London hospital offered a ray of hope for a country still reeling from the trauma of the coronavirus pandemic.Boris Johnson Leaves Intensive Care, but Britain Faces Weeks More of Lockdown', 'WASHINGTON — As John Hickenlooper, the former Colorado governor and current Democratic candidate for Senate, began another campaign event via Facebook Live last week, he stated the obvious to his virtual audience.As retail campaigning has become all but impossible amid the public health crisis, candidates tread carefully in an uncertain political environment.With Campaigns in Remote Mode, Pandemic Upends Battle for Congress'], ['Sign up for Rory Smith’s weekly newsletter on world soccer (and, for the foreseeable future, quite a few other topics) at nytimes.com/rory.Players who won’t take pay cuts. Clubs seeking government handouts. Coronavirus is exposing the schisms that will trouble soccer, a world with plenty of money but little trust, long after the crisis abates.Soccer’s Coming Storm', 'As the coronavirus outbreak continues to spread across the United States, many influencers are using their platforms to educate their followers about symptoms and testing, and to encourage them to stay inside.Doctors warn that sharing decisions to leave metropolitan areas for smaller towns on social media might encourage followers to disregard public health guidelines.Flight of the Influencers', 'BUDAPEST — In the days since the Hungarian Parliament gave Prime Minister Viktor Orban the right to rule indefinitely by decree, nominally in the name of combating the coronavirus pandemic, his government has been energized by much other than the disease.Prime Minister Viktor Orban can now rule by decree. Doctors worry he won’t use that power to improve the country’s coronavirus response.Hungary’s Leader Grabbed Powers to Fight the Virus. Some Fear Other Motives.', 'Neurologists around the world say that a small subset of patients with Covid-19 are developing serious impairments of the brain.Doctors have observed neurological symptoms, including confusion, stroke and seizures, in a small subset of Covid-19 patients.Some Coronavirus Patients Show Signs of Brain Ailments', 'WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is using a Korean War-era law to redirect to the United States surgical masks manufactured by 3M in other countries as part of a heated pressure campaign to force the Minnesota company to cut off sales of surgical masks abroad.The move would significantly expand the American government’s reach and reverse President Trump’s hesitant use of the Defense Production Act.Trump Seeks to Block 3M Mask Exports and Grab Masks From Its Overseas Customers', "(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here's what you need to know.Coronavirus, Boris Johnson, Economy: Your Monday Briefing", 'KEY WEST, Fla. — The vacation the passengers had imagined, a luxurious two-week voyage along the coast of South America to the southernmost tip of the hemisphere, turned into something else entirely.The Zaandam cruise ship and a second vessel, the Rotterdam, moored at a Fort Lauderdale port after a lengthy ordeal at sea. Ambulances were standing by to transport sick passengers.Ships With Coronavirus-Stricken Passengers Dock in Florida', 'Keith Rothfritz said that when his au pair, Milenia Ataidio, asked to talk this month, she was visibly upset. The young woman had come to the United States in December as an au pair from Brazil to live with the Rothfritzes and help care for their three young sons — 2-year-old twins and a 6-month-old.Coronavirus fears and lockdowns on travel have complicated the lives of families who rely on the in-home child care help of au pairs.Au Pairs Caught Between Work and a Pandemic', 'Good morning.Friday: A conversation with the official who led the rollout of the nation’s first shelter-in-place order.What Would It Take to Eradicate Coronavirus in California?', 'Not only will the coronavirus crisis define Donald Trump’s legacy, it will determine whether or not he is a one-term president.The coronavirus crisis will determine whether Trump is a one-term president, but it may reshape the social order far more.Covid-19 Is Twisting 2020 Beyond All Recognition'], ['During these trying times, exercise could provide indispensable mental-health support for many of us, according to a timely new study. The study finds that among a generally healthy but sedentary group of adults in their 20s, 30s and 40s, working out lowers levels of depression, hostility and other negative feelings.A regular workout was shown to ease depression and lift moods.Feeling Down? Anxious? Hostile? A 4-Day-a-Week Exercise Regimen May Help', 'Test your knowledge of this week’s health quiz.Test your knowledge of this week’s health quiz.Weekly Health Quiz: Coronavirus, Masks and Summer', 'Airlines and movie theaters are hurting. Grocery stores and streaming services are raking it in.Airlines and movie theaters are hurting. Grocery stores and streaming services are raking it in.How the Virus Transformed the Way Americans Spend Their Money', 'This briefing has ended. Read our global live coverage on the coronavirus pandemic here.Britain’s prime minister, Boris Johnson, has been moved to intensive care, and the Supreme Court rejected an extension of Wisconsin’s voting deadline.White House Adviser Warned of Risks of Pandemic; Trump Misleads on Testing', 'CAIRO — When the virus hit, the strongmen hit back as they know best.The world’s strongmen are reverting to their standard playbook to project an aura of control. It’s a risky strategy for a chaotic crisis.Autocrats’ Quandary: You Can’t Arrest a Virus', "(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Here's what you need to know.Coronavirus, Governors, Joe Biden: Your Tuesday Briefing", 'The worried doctors stood together after their rounds, weighing the risks. A 31-year-old pregnant woman was in peril, her lungs ravaged by the coronavirus. If they delivered her baby now, it might reduce the strain on her body and help her recover.In a hospital at the center of the crisis, nearly 200 babies have arrived since March. Some pregnant women have fallen extremely ill, but doctors are winning battles for their lives and their children’s.Hope, and New Life, in a Brooklyn Maternity Ward Fighting Covid-19', 'One of the largest hospital networks in New York has given its doctors an ultimatum: either help deal with the coronavirus crush, or stay home without pay.Specialists who haven’t worked an intensive care shift in years are being pressed into duty as coronavirus cases overwhelm New York’s hospitals.With Virus Surge, Dermatologists and Orthopedists Are Drafted for the E.R.', 'One patient had lymphoma and heart failure. Another was 85 years old with metastatic cancer. A third was 83 and had dementia and lung disease. All were critically ill with the coronavirus, and, a doctor said, all were hooked up to ventilators in recent weeks at a major Manhattan hospital.With a looming shortage of equipment for coronavirus patients in New York City, doctors say they may soon need to make difficult choices.Patient Has Virus and Serious Cancer. Should Doctors Withhold Ventilator?', 'One couple’s self-uniting marriage in Pittsburgh, another’s virtual wedding in Harlem, and yet another’s willingness to spend time at a county jail in Raleigh, N.C. These were just some of the ways determined couples around the country found to be legally married, despite the fact that the coronavirus had forced them to cancel, postpone and reschedule much larger and elegant affairs.Across America, couples changed plans and dates and had hurry-up events (with very few guests) before the effects of the coronavirus pandemic curbed so many weddings.They Found a Way to Get Married'], ['MOSCOW — Russian authorities detained the leader of an independent doctors’ union, an outspoken critic of the Kremlin who has dismissed as “lies” the country’s low official numbers for coronavirus infections.The police held overnight an outspoken Russian doctor, Anastasia Vasilieva, who was trying to deliver masks to an impoverished rural town.Russian Doctor Detained After Challenging Virus Figures', 'Last summer, Raymond Rivera was arrested on a minor parole violation and sent to Rikers Island, where he waited months for a final decision on his release. As his case dragged on, the coronavirus spread through the jail complex and he became sick.Two weeks after Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo promised to release 400 Rikers inmates held on minor parole violations, only half have been freed.Jailed on a Minor Parole Violation, He Caught the Virus and Died', '(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.) Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.Coronavirus, Testing, Easter: Your Friday Evening Briefing', 'Everyone has three extra months to pay federal income taxes because of the financial pain caused by the coronavirus pandemic. But what about the real estate taxes on your home? Any flexibility on paying those?Local governments rely on them to pay for services like trash pickup and the public schools. But some are trying to give flexibility to homeowners in financial trouble.Property Taxes Are Probably Still Due Despite Coronavirus', 'Every night at 7, my Brooklyn neighborhood comes to life with the calculated whimsy of a cuckoo clock. It starts with a single neighbor clapping. Soon dozens more join in, throwing open their front doors or hanging from their windows to put their hands together and say “wooooo.” Perhaps 20 seconds into the proceedings, a man emerges from the garden apartment across from me, banging a pot with a spoon, and a woman appears on the stoop of the house next door, her spaniel barking helpfully at her side. Often there is a special guest: On a recent evening, a guy motored by on a delivery bike, a whistle blaring from between his lips. It’s all over within five minutes.The highlight of my day — every day — is opening my window and yelling at the sky.In Praise of Quarantine Clapping', 'ATLANTA — Months before the coronavirus arrived in the South, before it raced across rural communities and larger cities alike, sickening scores of vulnerable residents, Johnny Presley bought a shuttered 33-bed hospital.Public health officials fear underlying problems, from poor health to poverty, could exacerbate the effects of the coronavirus in the South.Across the South, ‘Walking a Tightrope’ While Awaiting the Worst', 'WASHINGTON — In a message on Twitter accompanied by a picture of her face partly covered by a medical mask, Melania Trump, the first lady, urged Americans on Thursday to protect themselves from the coronavirus by wearing face coverings in public, an image all the more striking because it contrasted with her husband’s mixed messages on the subject.The first lady’s encouragement of Americans to wear face masks was all the more striking because it contrasted with her husband’s mixed messages on the subject: “I don’t see it for myself,” President Trump has said.With a Face Mask Photo, Melania Trump Highlights Her Husband’s Reluctance to Wear One', 'President Trump and his Republican allies are launching an aggressive strategy to fight what many of the administration’s own health officials view as one of the most effective ways to make voting safer amid the deadly spread of Covid-19: the expanded use of mail-in ballots.Public health officials recommend absentee ballots to keep people safe. But President Trump and his party, without evidence, portray expanded voting measures as ripe for fraud.Why Republicans Are So Afraid of Vote-by-Mail', 'LOS ANGELES — Like legions of immigrant farmworkers, Nancy Silva for years has done the grueling work of picking fresh fruit that Americans savor, all the while afraid that one day she could lose her livelihood because she is in the country illegally.Immigrant field workers have been told to keep working despite stay-at-home directives, and given letters attesting to their “critical” role in feeding the country.Farmworkers, Mostly Undocumented, Become ‘Essential’ During Pandemic', 'A few years ago, when some photos by Times photographers adorning our office walls were swapped out for others, I found one headed for the dumpster.Heaven help us, we’re at the mercy of the Slim Suit crowd.He Went to Jared'], ['Every day, millions of people around the world type their health symptoms into Google. We can use these searches to help detect unknown Covid-19 outbreaks, particularly in parts of the world with poor testing infrastructure.They can also reveal symptoms that at first went undetected. I may have found a new one.Google Searches Can Help Us Find Emerging Covid-19 Outbreaks', 'On March 1, there were 88 confirmed cases of the coronavirus in the United States. By month’s end, there were more than 170,000. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has compiled data on people who were hospitalized from the virus during that month to get a clearer demographic picture of infected patients who have required the most serious medical care.The agency’s study of hospitalizations for Covid-19 in March shows heightened numbers for those with underlying conditions, men and African-Americans.C.D.C. Releases Early Demographic Snapshot of Worst Coronavirus Cases', 'President Trump doubled down Sunday on his push for the use of an anti-malarial drug against the coronavirus, issuing medical advice that goes well beyond scant evidence of the drug’s effectiveness as well as the advice of doctors and public health experts.The president’s advocacy of the anti-malarial drug has created tensions in his administration, and fears among doctors that it could unnecessarily expose patients to risks.Ignoring Expert Opinion, Trump Again Promotes Use of Hydroxychloroquine', 'Chronic absenteeism is a problem in American education during the best of times, but now, with the vast majority of the nation’s school buildings closed and lessons being conducted remotely, more students than ever are missing class — not logging on, not checking in or not completing assignments.Teachers at some schools across the country report that fewer than half of their students are participating in online learning.As School Moves Online, Many Students Stay Logged Out', 'WASHINGTON — In Massachusetts, state leaders said they had confirmed a vast order of personal protective equipment for their health workers; then the Trump administration took control of the shipments.The Trump administration’s new method for distributing medical supplies has led to charges of confiscation.‘Swept Up by FEMA’: Complicated Medical Supply System Sows Confusion', 'Across the country, hospitals are overflowing with coronavirus patients, and health care workers are scrambling to keep up. Physician assistants are trained as generalists — but in several states, including Florida, the help they are able to provide is limited not by their ability but by strict supervision agreements with a specific physician. This administrative red tape creates barriers for hospitals in need of workers during an all-hands-on-deck crisis. In the above video, Kimberly Berggren, a physician assistant in Florida, implores Gov. Ron DeSantis to join states like New York and Michigan and remove restrictions in her state so hospitals can get the help they need.We need to get physician assistants off the sidelines and into the emergency rooms.An Outdated Law in Florida Is Preventing Me From Saving Lives', 'The coronavirus pandemic has not just threatened the physical health of millions but also wreaked havoc on the emotional and mental well-being of people around the world. Feelings of anxiety, helplessness and grief are rising as people face an increasingly uncertain future — and nearly everyone has been touched by loss. A nationally representative poll conducted by the Kaiser Family Foundation finds that nearly half of all Americans — 45 percent — feel that the coronavirus has negatively affected their mental health.Why cultivating “tragic optimism” will help us weather this crisis — and even grow from it.On Coronavirus Lockdown? Look for Meaning, Not Happiness', 'Once the mainstream of the Democratic Party’s electorate settled on a candidate to support in this year’s campaign, however flawed Joe Biden may be, Bernie Sanders’s call for a revolution overturning the current American variant of capitalism no longer had a chance. On Wednesday, Sanders finally capitulated to political reality and withdrew from the race. In doing so, he claimed that “Few would deny that over the course of the past five years our movement has won the ideological struggle.”But actually there are three, which helps explain why he had to drop out of the race on Wednesday.Bernie Sanders Only Had Eyes for One Wing of the Democratic Party', 'As the coronavirus continues to spread, epidemiologists like me are starting to field a remarkable question: Would people be better off if they just contracted the virus and got it over with? I’ve heard rumblings about people avoiding physical distancing or hosting a version of “chickenpox parties,” where noninfected people mingle with an infected person in an effort to catch the virus.Here are seven reasons your “coronavirus party” is a bad idea.Please, Don’t Intentionally Infect Yourself. Signed, an Epidemiologist.', 'I lie on a stretcher, thinking of my two sons. They are both healthy, in Philadelphia and Manhattan. Seven months before, we suffered through the death of their mother — my wife of 37 years. She wanted to live so badly. After an 18-month battle with cancer, she left us.Each day of recovery from the coronavirus, I feel a little bit stronger and more like myself.For 12 Days a Doctor Lived With Burning Lungs'], ['This story was originally published on Feb. 27, 2020 in NYT Parenting.New technologies are making it possible for children to survive ever-earlier births. But who should decide when to fight for survival?Parents of Extremely Premature Babies Face an Impossible Choice', 'He attacked allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia and wrote a book and produced a documentary during impeachment that were both titled “The Ukraine Hoax.” He has accused former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.’s son of profiting off his father’s name.The loyalty of the longtime Trump adviser Michael Caputo helped him secure a post as the top public affairs official at the Health and Human Services Department during the pandemic.Loyal Trump Backer Is Now a Face of the Administration’s Virus Response', 'There are a lot of people who are ruining the country right now, according to Michael Savage. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. Liberal mayors in big cities like San Francisco. Undocumented immigrants. Homeless people.Mr. Savage, the conservative radio host, is still loyal to President Trump but says right-wing media got it all wrong by doubting the severity of the coronavirus early on.Why Michael Savage Is Blasting Hannity and the Right-Wing Media on the Virus', 'In the sweeping economic recovery package that Congress passed last week, the federal government promised payments of up to $1,200 to most American adults, including those with little income or none at all.The Treasury reversed guidance that would have required millions of Social Security recipients to file returns, but many other low-income people will have to submit them.Needy Will Face Hurdles to Getting Coronavirus Stimulus', 'A little over a week ago, a local news anchor in Cleveland, Todd Meany, got a call from his producer about an unusual problem created by the coronavirus pandemic.When no one’s leaving the house, what does time even mean?What Day Is It? You’re Not the Only One Asking', 'This story was originally published on Sept. 17, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Children who are deemed ‘sensitive’ or ‘picky’ might be struggling with a treatable condition.What Is Sensory Processing Disorder?', 'This story was originally published on Nov. 4, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Some kids have symptoms for years before learning they have the condition, but experts have said that screening everyone in childhood may not be the best answer.Should You Screen Your Child for Celiac Disease?', 'Last Saturday, my best friend called and I let it go to voice mail. “Sorry,” I texted. “Rescuing a lady in Caracas.” Then I went back to Googling how to escape police handcuffs.With real theaters closed, our critic unlocked handcuffs, tried to land a plane and accidentally scalded herself, all while attempting immersive performances from her Brooklyn apartment.There’s No Place Like Home (Theater)', 'After the first positive coronavirus test at a Virginia nursing home in mid-March, its administrator said, the staff restricted visitors, conducted temperature checks at the end of every worker’s shift and isolated residents who had tested positive into separate areas.“You can’t fight what you can’t see,” said the medical director of a Richmond nursing home where at least 46 residents have died.Virginia Nursing Home Had Plenty of Coronavirus Patients but Few Tests', 'This story was originally published on July 2, 2019 on NYT Parenting.Manners help teach tolerance, empathy and appropriate boundaries. Instilling them early, experts say, gives children a ‘superpower.’Kids Don’t Say ‘Yes, Ma’am’ Anymore, but Politeness Is Still in Fashion'], ['WASHINGTON — The Trump administration, under fire for pushing food stamp cuts in the middle of a pandemic, has decided to hold off on stricter work requirements for adults without children during the national emergency.Under heavy criticism for pressing for food stamp cuts during an economic meltdown, the Trump administration now says it will hold off during the national emergency.Trump Backs Off Tougher Food Stamp Work Rules for Now', 'SUGARCREEK, Ohio — On April 1, John Miller, a manufacturer here with deep connections to the close-knit Amish community of Central Ohio, got a call from Cleveland Clinic. The hospital system was struggling to find protective face masks for its 55,000 employees, plus visitors. Could his team sew 12,000 masks in two days?A famously traditional community has mobilized to help hospitals with medical supplies, even as it struggles with reconciling its communal way of life with the dictates of social distancing.In Ohio, the Amish Take On the Coronavirus', 'AUSTIN, Texas — Two weeks ago, amid the coronavirus pandemic, about 70 students from the University of Texas at Austin partied in Mexico on spring break. The students, all in their 20s, flew on a chartered plane to Cabo San Lucas, and some returned on separate commercial flights to Texas.A group of about 70 students from the University of Texas at Austin celebrated spring break in Mexico, then returned to find that dozens had tested positive.44 Texas Students Have Coronavirus After Spring Break Trip', 'President Trump unleashed a tirade against the World Health Organization on Tuesday, accusing it of acting too slowly to sound the alarm about the coronavirus. It was not the first time in this pandemic that the global health body has faced such criticism.Critics say the World Health Organization was too trusting of China and did not push it on its early missteps. But supporters say the agency’s powers over any government are limited.Trump Slammed the W.H.O. Over Coronavirus. He’s Not Alone.', 'In a pandemic, as state officials desperately shut down parts of society to keep people away from one another, there are some services that most would agree must go on: Grocery stores feed the public. Health care workers tend to the infirm. Others maintain law and order, deliver goods and keep the lights on.Officials in the state permitted “employees at professional sports and media production with a national audience” to hold an event if it is closed to the public.The WWE Is Now Considered an ‘Essential Service’ in Florida', 'This story was originally published on Aug. 20, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Accepting your new, postpartum body can be a struggle, but strive to avoid negative self-talk — and remember that self-care is not selfish.Is That Mom in the Mirror Really Me?', 'This briefing has ended. Follow our global coverage of the coronavirus epidemic.Oil-producing nations agreed to the largest production cut ever negotiated. Policymakers debated when and how to reopen businesses. And one of the largest pork processing plants in the U.S. closed after 238 employees came down with the virus.Trump Signals Frustration With Fauci Amid Criticism of Slow Virus Response', 'This obituary is part of a series about people who have died in the coronavirus pandemic.His years as a social worker led him to preach community engagement as the rector of St. Mark’s Church in Jackson Heights, Queens.Antonio Checo, Episcopal Priest Who Stressed Service, Dies at 67', 'The self-employed often fall into the biggest gaps in the social safety net. But relief programs aimed at helping workers and companies weather the coronavirus outbreak are providing some temporary patches.Tax credits for sick leave, expanded unemployment insurance, tax changes and more.Here’s What the Relief Packages Give Self-Employed Workers', 'Mohammed Saiful Islam got a taste of how antiquated the technology that runs New York State’s unemployment-insurance system is when he had to go to a Staples store in the middle of a pandemic to fax his pay stubs to Albany.Thousands of newly unemployed New Yorkers desperate to stay afloat are being frustrated by the state’s 1970s-era technology.He Needs Jobless Benefits. He Was Told to Find a Fax Machine.'], ['This story was originally published on Jan. 24, 2020 in NYT Parenting.Free access to quality care accelerated his recovery after a prenatal stroke.How Early Intervention Changed My Son’s Life', 'For some struggling Americans, the arrival of a deposit from the Treasury Department to help with basic expenses like rent and groceries during the coronavirus crisis was something to count on — until their financial institutions got in the way.Financial institutions can use the government deposits to make up for recipients’ negative balances.Some Banks Keep Customers’ Stimulus Checks if Accounts Are Overdrawn', 'As soon as Trishia Bermudez heard that New York City’s public schools would be closed indefinitely because of the coronavirus, she scoured every inch of her apartment — including the medicine cabinet and pantry — to find objects that her son, Matthew, could use during his virtual physical therapy classes.Parents and educators have embarked on a desperate scramble to avoid dire academic outcomes for some of the city’s most vulnerable students.This Is Schooling Now for 200,000 N.Y.C. Children in Special Education', 'This guide was originally published on Aug. 22, 2019 in NYT Parenting.Starting solids is an important aspect of your baby’s development, but knowing when they’re ready and how to do it can be tricky.How to Introduce Solid Foods to Your Baby', 'This story was originally published on June 20, 2019 in NYT Parenting.These benign tumors can affect women in their procreative prime, but they are more treatable than ever.Uterine Fibroids Can Wreak Reproductive Havoc. What Are They?', 'This story was originally published on May 2, 2019 on NYT Parenting.Here’s what to ask your health care provider.VBAC Facts: Is Vaginal Birth After Caesarean Right for You?', 'This guide was originally published on May 3, 2019.Pain relief options for labor and delivery extend beyond epidural.Epidurals Are Just One of Many Options for Childbirth Pain Relief', '[The latest: 29 Dead at One Nursing Home From the Virus. Or More. No One Will Say.]There have been 68 recent deaths of residents and nurses from the facility in a small New Jersey town.After Anonymous Tip, 17 Bodies Found at Nursing Home Hit by Virus', 'This guide was originally published on May 31, 2019 in NYT Parenting.With careful planning, vegetarian and vegan diets can be nutritious and safe for young children.How to Feed Your Baby or Toddler a Vegetarian Diet', 'This guide was originally published on Sept. 12, 2019.It’s a lot of work, but it can help prevent many childhood injuries.Yes, You Absolutely Need to Baby Proof']]